Tim Sackton: Like the despite the storm.
Tim Sackton: The sky directly above you as clear as day turns the twilight in the star. Let's begin to come out in a sense that something that's wrong slow because I'm do
Tim Sackton: The Fox and Hunter, one of the clearest and brightest constellations in the sky is low, no longer they are for most of you, this is the thing not seen in all your life. Although for Dallas. This isn't status. I didn't return to the familiar nights guy of childhood.
Tim Sackton: As you pause to contemplate this unsettling realization. Let's again begin with quick describing what each of you are doing around your small camp as he just come out of the short rest.
Tim Sackton: So how about seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I sit routing having just completed the lengthy recreating of my beard and I'm now polishing lenses by awkward hemispherical goggles that can make blowing ley lines appear
Eric Rosenbaum: Three dimensions in your vision.
Mike Sackton: A
Mike Sackton: Call with is
Mike Sackton: Sitting with. Do we have a fire.
Mike Sackton: We have, we have a camp.
Tim Sackton: As soon as
Tim Sackton: You just, I mean you just finished this short rest. So I assume you at least have. I mean, that's
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Fire. Yes. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's getting dark. You are fasting. I assume you would have built a quick
Mike Sackton: Fire. So a
Mike Sackton: Deal with is
Mike Sackton: Kind of sitting, sitting by the fire, not really kind of Boston thought a little bit muttering sort of repeating sort of these mutters about trying to understand what
Mike Sackton: This riddle or or answer about I guess dust mother was
Mike Sackton: How can it. Ah.
David Schwartz: So will be
David Schwartz: Is either methodically or obsessively unpacking and repackaging all of this stuff, taking out each arrow, one by one, checking the point he's checking the edges.
David Schwartz: There he occasionally straightening feather in the flashing, but just methodically one piece of equipment after another, like that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, given the windy conditions battering us as we got here. I also had to re braid my hair and sort of collect myself checking through my gear.
Kate Sackton: reminding myself what I was smart enough to carry with me before my stupid horse ran off.
Kate Sackton: My court.
Tim Sackton: And yes,
Tim Sackton: And Kenza
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Enzo is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, good sitting in his in his kind of traveled to Nick and robe and with us been pulled over his head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sitting in meditative pose. But, you know, kind of, you can see the light of the fire kind of revealing his, his face, and his expression.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you could
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you could synthesize his expression into words. His expression would would represent something along the lines of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I fucking hate caves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I fucking hate caverns that fucking hate weird electrical storms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unknown origin.
Tim Sackton: So you're sitting on the in the shelter of this rock.
Tim Sackton: And it's getting it's now.
Tim Sackton: Full Twilight with the stars just coming out.
Tim Sackton: The tower still Liam's there.
Tim Sackton: He
Tim Sackton: Lightning construct of some kind that attacked our earth perhaps still within
Tim Sackton: What would you like to do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use rations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotta stay nourished.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am finished polishing my goggles and put them on my face. And I'm going to test my little and visualize her again. So I'm just
Eric Rosenbaum: Casting about the magical lay of the land.
Tim Sackton: I made the free ley line that converge underneath the tower are still there having
Tim Sackton: Not changed.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'll be able to tell if someone was drawing on the note or no.
Tim Sackton: Not necessarily, I mean,
Tim Sackton: If you were
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you wouldn't if you were sort of right on top of that, and somebody where
Tim Sackton: You know, you might be able to to attempt to sort of
Tim Sackton: Like
Tim Sackton: Extend your awareness to the you know where the ley lines are where the ley line energy is going, but it's not like you wouldn't just like see some line, leading to do something that would be that would be
Tim Sackton: Difficult to figure out, and you probably need to be right on top of the node.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if something if there was something absolutely enormous that was drawing an
Tim Sackton: incredible amount of power that might be more more visible but
Tim Sackton: The flow would be proportional to the
Tim Sackton: Amount of energy being sort of pulled out of the node.
Tim Sackton: There's a
Tim Sackton: fairly substantial collection of energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's the ley line mapping look the same as before.
Eric Rosenbaum: And changed it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any precedent for changes to the stars themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like historically mythically
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean,
Tim Sackton: Yes, there is precedent for new constellations appearing
Mike Sackton: And nothing's different about the stars, other than a constellation. I mean, are they
Mike Sackton: Otherwise, the same or is like the sky changed beyond that.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's still i mean it's it's Twilight right so the hot. The Fox and hundreds, one of the brightest constellations. And so it's
Tim Sackton: Early that it's
Tim Sackton: Not there.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does tiger white rotate on its axis is the stars change to the
Tim Sackton: Question. Yes. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The stars change. I mean,
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they change not perhaps not as
Tim Sackton: Dramatic I mean not quite to the extent to which they change.
Tim Sackton: So there's constellations that are visible from everywhere. So like for example the fox and Hunter is not in a
Tim Sackton: The, the stars are not
Tim Sackton: They're not the your perspective on the sky is not fixed, based on your point on the surface of the planet. There are some things that show up in multiple perspectives. When they seem like they shouldn't
Tim Sackton: If you imagine tiger as a globe and you are looking out at other sons. If you imagine tiger as a globe that surrounded by projections of something, then
Tim Sackton: So it's not, you can't assume sort of normal world you know Earth physics, but you would be used to some, some things kind of
Mike Sackton: I'm just wondering and prominence. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, so, yes. I mean, you would there would be some sort of a regular
Tim Sackton: Procession of where things are in the sky, based on the seasons and something's dip lower and Something's come hire some things remain fixed. Right. So, things do move right it's not
Tim Sackton: Like it's impossible to tell
Tim Sackton: To judge season by the stars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it I'm like understood commonly that tiger is a globe is it actually a planet. Yeah.
Well,
Tim Sackton: Is it understood commonly
Tim Sackton: So yes, it is understood commonly that toggle is curved.
Tim Sackton: That would be obvious, whether it's in fact a globe.
Tim Sackton: Nobody would be
Tim Sackton: unknown to most people. Because nobody's ever circumnavigated at Nope. If you sail off into the West, you don't come back.
Tim Sackton: So it was whether it's a globe or a dome or, you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: There was a dwarf and project to try to get all the way through, but nobody ever heard from him again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Makes sense. There are
Several
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right there, like a, you know, Calgary and like astronomers like there must be like an astronomy department of the great library or something like that, where they like
Tim Sackton: Set. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Relations and all that stuff.
David Schwartz: hump. Like it's
Tim Sackton: No. Yeah, definitely.
David Schwartz: It's an earth center. It's a tell God centered universe. Look at the center of an arm malaria disappear, and they're just whatever arbitrary things around us that could be put their
Eric Rosenbaum: Spiritual shells misty
Tim Sackton: That each turn in different orders and speeds that could be at there's definitely people attracted and there's a number of plausible hypotheses, including that
Tim Sackton: The world rotates, but you know I mean there's seasons. So something's obviously
Tim Sackton: You know seasons are caused by the tilt of the access relative to the sun. Right, so
Tim Sackton: You know, of course, whether targets orbiting the sun or not is difficult to establish
Eric Rosenbaum: Single dimensional cosmology. So last age, though, you guys.
Kate Sackton: Going back to go with
Kate Sackton: Point, it's still this guy does the springs die when
Kate Sackton: You
Kate Sackton: Die.
Tim Sackton: You would have to, you'd have to wait for more stars to come out before you really be able to tell
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His temperature change.
Nope.
David Schwartz: Jim, can you please read.
Kate Sackton: Again windstorm
David Schwartz: Can you describe against him with the top of the tower looks like that was unclear.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, so the top of the tower, it rises up
Tim Sackton: Until what seems like perhaps the
Tim Sackton: Floor just below the the dome of the roof. So the top itself is like a conical dome and then just below or a conical top of a tower just below the tower as a platform that juts out
Tim Sackton: Maybe twice. Maybe it's not like a little less than the full width of the Tower itself.
Tim Sackton: That just is sticking out like almost like a diving board over a swimming pool out over the plane.
David Schwartz: Any particular direction.
David Schwartz: Like kernel driver.
Tim Sackton: So a cardinal direction.
David Schwartz: We're like a line to the ley line or any meaningful.
Tim Sackton: You can tell by the fact that I'm thinking about it. That has not meaning. Well, it would be, it would be roughly
Tim Sackton: Like so like West dash i think
David Schwartz: Perpendicular is the direction it's pointing perpendicular vertical
Tim Sackton: Perpendicular to
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Is it pointing like over the rock that we're under or is it pointing away.
Tim Sackton: It's like Southwest
Tim Sackton: Sort of
Tim Sackton: So that it's it's not pointing towards the like the prowl of the rock. It's pointing away from the proud.
Tim Sackton: That which is like
Tim Sackton: South southwest, roughly, something like that.
Tim Sackton: But it doesn't seem to be carefully aligned with respect to anything in particular.
Kate Sackton: It's just not casting a shadow over so that juts out over going the other way. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's, what's on the other side of the rock. So we're kind of like underneath this overhang towers above it diving boards pointing away with
Tim Sackton: Just the bare earth of the class of the planes. So there's like a clear circle that's maybe 400 feet in diameter. What were you pass through that wall of wind
Tim Sackton: And you came out into this sort of clear area which is roughly maybe 400 feet in diameter in the center, there's this proud of rock charting out which goes up, maybe 5060 feet.
Tim Sackton: Your shelter under that proud of rock and then sort of halfway up the power of rock the tower comes off the blue granite, but otherwise surrounding it is pretty much feature, listen.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're pleased for tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Except for the obvious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Utility access
Right.
Kate Sackton: We're here.
Kate Sackton: Whatever happened to them survived it laughs
Kate Sackton: You didn't advance their needs to linger here. Does it and vampires.
Kate Sackton: Do we have a duty to help whatever is track, we have a duty to keep track whatever is trapped
Eric Rosenbaum: Personally, I'd like to find out more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we haven't really talked about this yet but anybody else know why the stars, don't look the same anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can think of a few reasons why, but I have not very excited about the possible answers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, first of all, what changed exactly something something disappeared.
Tim Sackton: That's all you can see right now, is that something disappeared. That should be coming. The first stars that come out are gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who were the fox and under
Mike Sackton: The greatest heroes of
Mike Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: Way you would not particularly know this door.
Tim Sackton: I mean, actually, you would you would know more than anybody. Probably about barrel cuz he would have heard, I mean, you've fought in that war right for everybody else. This is like legends in the past.
Tim Sackton: That mean you could have talked to him at some point when barrel was off organizing the million armies of the good guys.
Mike Sackton: Barrel was one of the leaders in the war against Germany.
Mike Sackton: Who sent it to the stars.
Mike Sackton: After shots demise.
Mike Sackton: These are the stars of my childhood.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So are we in your childhood.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We return to your childhood.
Kate Sackton: Or before that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or before that.
Mike Sackton: Do the stars change over the years, Tim.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Like there's no like long cycle of changing stalkers
Mike Sackton: Over thousands of years.
Tim Sackton: There are there are their barrel is not the first new constellation that's appeared in the sky, but it's right. Right. So over the
Tim Sackton: Over your
Tim Sackton: new things, new things appear, but in the sort of lore of elves.
Tim Sackton: There would be tales of, you know,
Tim Sackton: The occasional but it's, you know, probably two or three
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
Mike Sackton: I know not.
Mike Sackton: Think
Mike Sackton: The storm has it changed, right.
Tim Sackton: Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: And to be clear, the stars changing is compared to when we were outside the storm, it didn't, we didn't see them from inside. Is that true
Tim Sackton: Well, this is the first time you've been inside the storm when it's been dark enough to see Scott I
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't know for sure. Yeah.
David Schwartz: When you
David Schwartz: When you went to the tower ASK YOU TOLD YOU TO ASK A QUESTION.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Schwartz: What do you asked you.
Mike Sackton: asked it. What are gets a dust mother wanted
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reaches into his pack and starts like playing with with the horn. If we should try blowing this thing again.
Mike Sackton: Couldn't hurt.
Mike Sackton: Um, there's not the signs of the previous camp haven't changed or anything, right, like nothing
Mike Sackton: Was there any sense of like, it's not like anything changed it's more likely that having come into the storm. We were always in this place right as opposed to
David Schwartz: Your after we cross the rooms.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that nothing's there's nothing, you know, since you since you jumped out of the window of the tower. It's not like there's any
Tim Sackton: I mean nobody else noticed anything different, other than you appearing in the sky as you fell and, you know, there wasn't anything
Tim Sackton: The camp. Well, you are short rest, you know, well, you were sort of resting and catching your breath. Nothing seems you didn't notice anything changing. It's just as the stars started to come out.
Tim Sackton: Things were different.
Kate Sackton: Definitely experienced some sort of time shift in perception. When we got here that this area had been recently used
Kate Sackton: Like what is that reason with respect to
Kate Sackton: Our life.
Mike Sackton: True, it could have been many years ago.
Mike Sackton: Although hundreds of years ago. This place was settled right
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh really,
Mike Sackton: This part of Donmar right. I mean, wasn't it
Tim Sackton: This part of this was always frontier right i mean
Tim Sackton: This is
Tim Sackton: This is pretty far to the earth.
Tim Sackton: It wouldn't necessarily have been, you know, a place with
Tim Sackton: You know, a place with cities.
Tim Sackton: Certainly, there would have been people passing through here.
Tim Sackton: You know whether this tower was here or not, you know, it's
Tim Sackton: None of you are, you know, sort of know so much about done. Marty history that you would
Tim Sackton: Have much of a sense
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ooh, what if there are like weird places in the space time continuum of talukdar were at that are just like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That are that are irrespective of time. Like, you can kind of just walk into them and they're just like these, like, little, little tiny bubbles that like anybody from any time to walk into
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: That's what I was wondering. This place be disconnected from time in some fashion.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the storm itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there lore about time discontinuity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great question Arcata
Ah,
Tim Sackton: That is a good question and I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Like any kind of time travel or
Eric Rosenbaum: Time distortion.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, make a mic in our kind of check
Tim Sackton: So, definitely. I mean, so there's a few so seeker you've actually read about this, and in particular in your research of the other planes right when you became very when you became fascinated with the con, you know, with the fact that there's multiple sort of
Tim Sackton: Place you know phases of reality.
Tim Sackton: One of the key markers so that what you know about and down with you and know this as well. And actually cancel all of you who are proficient or content but you know about the other planes is that there are there are some planes that are
Tim Sackton: You know, there are various the referred to as echo realms their mirror realms. And this is where dealt with you. Were you were trapped. These are places where there's some some degree of physical
Tim Sackton: Co continuity with the material plane. And one of the key facts secret that you have learned about these mirror rounds, is that time does not always run in the same at the same speed or the same
Tim Sackton: Pot potentially
Tim Sackton: Time run slower or quicker.
Tim Sackton: When you are in
Tim Sackton: Another plane, then when you are in town.
Eric Rosenbaum: But never in reverse. Right. Schwartz.
Tim Sackton: As far as you now.
Tim Sackton: As far as, you know, there is no there is no nothing in your reading about time running in reverse and whether it would be possible to
Tim Sackton: Somehow use these
Tim Sackton: You know, use the use these other plans to to
Tim Sackton: Manipulate the timeline of telecom South
Tim Sackton: There are legends that this has been done in fact is legends that this was supposedly crucial to the war against Jamaat
That was crucified
Tim Sackton: Going back in time to
Create
Tim Sackton: Kinky firstborn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do
Tim Sackton: You like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, kind of.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: But it's confused. Right. No, but the there's nothing. What's clear is that you know that time you know you've read several works. Our doorbell and scholars has explored, but with the time dilation and the time acceleration of facts of
Tim Sackton: Of certain ones of these mirror realms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell us how many entities do you think
Eric Rosenbaum: Are involved here. Is it one
Eric Rosenbaum: Or two, is there something trapped in there or something, trapping something else in there.
Mike Sackton: By. I mean, Tim was up my inclination, would be to say my impression was there was two. Is that, is that a misreading. I just don't remember exactly what happened that well.
Tim Sackton: Too. And, you know, in the sense of
Mike Sackton: It seemed like there was something that was trying to talk to me. And something else that didn't want it to talk right
Tim Sackton: Ah, it didn't seem like the like the sparks that were running around the walls.
Tim Sackton: We're the same entity as what was speaking to you that that was not your impression
Mike Sackton: So yeah, I think, I think there's something
Mike Sackton: Something made of energy.
Mike Sackton: And some
Mike Sackton: Other
Mike Sackton: Creature thing.
Mike Sackton: That answered.
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Mike Sackton: It's hard to know what we can do except
Mike Sackton: Go back in, although I don't know how to do that without being
Mike Sackton: ensnared by
Mike Sackton: Lightning
David Schwartz: Costa grappling hook with lung rope to the balcony up there.
David Schwartz: And try and short cut her way right to the top, without going inside
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can clap my probably
Eric Rosenbaum: Would it help if you were twice your current size.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or half
Tim Sackton: You see my message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's but let's just recap here. What would be the point of going back up there again.
Mike Sackton: Well, at this point, it feels a bit like what do we do, we either we either leave
Mike Sackton: We or we continue to investigate the tower.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I could try to climb up there. I don't go too hard.
Mike Sackton: We could wait and see if the see how different the stars are
David Schwartz: Hundreds of years older than when we went in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Reasonable question.
Kate Sackton: Are we gonna be able to rendezvous with
Kate Sackton: All your horses and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awareness for
Mike Sackton: All stayed behind with the horses.
Tim Sackton: Like that I want. No, she's that I want no part in this and stay behind in your camp with the horses and said she'd wait for a day.
Tim Sackton: See if you made it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's been hundreds of years since did
Mike Sackton: All that knowing that time has changed. Can we reinvestigate the remains of the camp and the bike, remind me.
Mike Sackton: What was
Mike Sackton: There was a
Mike Sackton: There was a body right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was a body.
Tim Sackton: There was a gray if
Mike Sackton: Should we
Tim Sackton: Take out that marker.
Tim Sackton: From the civil, which is one of the guards of
Tim Sackton: With sorry, one of the main gods of the Eightfold way which is the sort of dominant non Denmark religion of the former
Tim Sackton: territory of the former Mari empire, or sorry, former drink green empire.
Mike Sackton: Was I mean there was a signs of a campsite right but no equipment or anything other than
Mike Sackton: The grave like it didn't work. It wasn't like a hastily abandoned campsite. It was a
Tim Sackton: No, it was not hastily abandon it. It was clear, like there was a campsite. There was, you know, some place where somebody had lit a fire, you know,
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Mike Sackton: Dig up the grave and see if there's any clues
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought disturbing the dead.
David Schwartz: Like major sacrilege.
Tim Sackton: I mean,
Tim Sackton: From a halfway point of view, probably not, because you know you're
Tim Sackton: You're as testers live on in the ocean of salt. Right, so
David Schwartz: But like from, from the point of view of the person who used to be in there.
Mike Sackton: But we don't know what baby. It was Affleck.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's not. None of the none of the major
David Schwartz: Done Meyer was done for
Tim Sackton: Me no
Tim Sackton: No, none of the major
Tim Sackton: Religions of, you know, of the world that you know have have any sort of like theology about, you know, the but you know people's bodies being
Tim Sackton: Important or like coming back in some way. Right. So, you know,
Tim Sackton: graves are more of a sort of a memorial or a marker last of, like, you know, dead bodies are of religious importance.
Tim Sackton: It might not be looked upon pleasantly, but it wouldn't be it. That would be more because people are terrified and angry about necromancer isn't on dead and so digging up a grey would be seen as like evil act in the sense you're trying to
Tim Sackton: What are you doing this because you're trying to create a zombie army to
Tim Sackton: Do evil thing. I mean, necromancy is very much seen as, as you know, pure evil does not like you know helpful zombies walking around the world under the control of your, you know, friendly neighborhood necromancer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not by the way would be a great name for something album whatever helpful.
Zombie
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In that
Um,
Mike Sackton: So let's do it seeker. Would you care to do you think you could
Mike Sackton: Remove the earth around this poor that soul.
Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: In the name of the quest of knowledge, in spite of my discovered about this whole awkward situation. I think we can
Mike Sackton: I mean, what's an Alice, what are the elves filling on the dead.
Tim Sackton: So elves.
Mike Sackton: Or dwarves.
Tim Sackton: dwarves, a good question. I mean, Alice
Tim Sackton: Alice would not Alvin feeling is sort of like, like, you know, halfway in the sense that
Tim Sackton: I think most most Elven dead would be cremated and
Tim Sackton: I'll sort of see themselves as passing on to the
Tim Sackton: To the other, you know, to the other round. They don't attach any significance to
Tim Sackton: Get bodies.
Tim Sackton: Doors i i think
Tim Sackton: More like you actually, you know,
Tim Sackton: Build graves over their ancestors and sort of, you know, see the physical remains of their ancestors as
Tim Sackton: You know, as a positive valuable good ramming towards build big tombs, they, they, they are
Tim Sackton: deeply concerned with the stories and of their history, but again, not from a religious perspective, more from this is like sort of how we are likely, you know, telling the stories that are family is sort of crucial.
Eric Rosenbaum: And these are unlikely to be dwarves, as far as we know.
Tim Sackton: They're very unlikely to be doors with the mark of human God marketing the grave and a dwarf would never leave such a crude grave marker. If they had to leave a grave marker right this is like just something scratched on a stone right
Eric Rosenbaum: So I
Eric Rosenbaum: Stand back. A good 2025 feet from the area.
Eric Rosenbaum: Briefly lower my goggles to my face. We can making a gentle scooping gesture as I lift the softer from the top layers of the grave.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to do is, um, you know, while be has been sort of meditating for a moment. And what happened to Schwartz.
Tim Sackton: He sort of goes goes still for a second and
Tim Sackton: Hold on, where's worthless.
Tim Sackton: He's out there you go.
Tim Sackton: Can you hear us.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: Did you see the message I just sent you need me to resend that
David Schwartz: Oh yes, I do.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So as well.
Tim Sackton: While he has been, um, you know, meditating for a moment and as he's doing this as you go to start to dig up the grave.
Tim Sackton: You see,
Tim Sackton: Little sparks of lightning start to collect on him.
Tim Sackton: Sort of running up you're Glowing dimly and there's little sparks kind of seeming to gather from the air around around well be as bought in
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: And and as you see what I sent you.
Tim Sackton: So there's lightning is now starting to gather a little bit
Tim Sackton: Okay, I've got a project coming out of the air sort of collecting on welding
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well be. Are you okay, why are you
Kate Sackton: Maybe you should stop doing that. I don't know if it has anything to do with Kathleen to lb.
David Schwartz: I sort of wave
Eric Rosenbaum: I continue
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will be your, your, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're good.
David Schwartz: Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to talk to the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay, yeah, you do that you do that. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. So dig down the first couple of feet.
Tim Sackton: Ah, OK. So yeah, the grave is fairly shallow, so it only takes you up, you know, a minute or so to
Tim Sackton: Just sort of excavate the top layer and expose the
Tim Sackton: Um, the grave, and it's a
Tim Sackton: The body has not been here for for that long, um,
Tim Sackton: It's not. I mean, let's see, I
Tim Sackton: It's a human male in early stages of of decomposition, um,
Tim Sackton: It's hard to tell exactly you're not, you know, an expert on the stages of decomposition, but clearly after the point which its features that started to melt away and before it's turned into a skeleton. So it's hard to tell much beyond that, at the human male
Tim Sackton: Doesn't seem to have been buried with a large collection of objects or just in a shroud. Right. So basically, somebody took some roads are closed and rip them up and use that as a sort of a bandage to wrap the body into a bit of a shroud
Tim Sackton: But very improvised
Tim Sackton: No, that's about that.
Mike Sackton: No, nothing that would give us any clue to when this person was like no holy symbols or signet rings or jewelry or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm
Tim Sackton: Nothing obviously visible from, you know, from the having excavated the top of the grave.
Kate Sackton: shraddha materials like unremarkable fabric of anytime
Mike Sackton: Doesn't say in the bottom somewhere made in chart in
Tim Sackton: 1774 there's a
Tim Sackton: Dry Cleaning receipt with a date.
And
Kate Sackton: It's crossed would love to hear from your Nana in
Kate Sackton: 30
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's um
Tim Sackton: So yeah, I mean, this is not again, there's nothing like very sort of
Tim Sackton: Distinctive about this. It's, it's like reasonably well made fabric whipped into strips like you know
Tim Sackton: A ROBE or some, you know, and it's it's bits and pieces of of different things.
Tim Sackton: Mixed together. And it's like, you know, it's things are starting to decompose a little bit right this bodies like the bloated and features are all distorted in the, you know, some of the
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: You know, early stages of decomposition is that in. So it's not simple to sort of town much
Tim Sackton: You know, it's not
Tim Sackton: It, but it looks the best. You can tell. I mean, the best you can sense you can get as this, you know, the, this person is wearing boots, for example, that look familiar, like nothing strikes you is like
Tim Sackton: You know, this is not something like it doesn't strike you anyway is some like radically different style of what you sort of
Tim Sackton: See every day or used to see every day when you spend time with people I guess for dealt with it would be a little bit different but like for Kenzo in particular, right, this is sort of a generic like modern style of of clothing.
Tim Sackton: But whether it's, I mean it's
Tim Sackton: You know,
Tim Sackton: So, so could be a generation ago right maybe, but you're not. You're not. This is clearly not you know
Tim Sackton: 700 year old clothing and less in last, you know, it's like something some style that's come back right from 700 years ago to now right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it looks like whoever's dead is buried here maybe from an approximate maybe contemporaries to us but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wherever we are now.
Kate Sackton: The back had been original assumption. Then we have no reason to new evidence that it's not true.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll be what's the tower saying you
David Schwartz: Tour has been a little bit uncommunicative I think you'd left a little bit of electricity on me.
But
David Schwartz: I tried to ask it was what his name was
David Schwartz: And it couldn't
David Schwartz: Or I didn't know how to listen to what its name was
David Schwartz: But I could see an image of the tower with a man city and ropes on the platform up there. I'm a flash of lightning and pain and the storm coming towards it.
David Schwartz: I don't know what to do with any of that, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did. What did the man in robes like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like
Tim Sackton: All your, your perspective was that you were standing on the ground, looking up and so you're looking at somebody who's 60 feet away on the top of. I mean, on the top of the tower.
Tim Sackton: So hard to say hard to describe in detail.
What color.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, whoo.
Tim Sackton: Turn up
Mike Sackton: How many
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just like that, except that you have the the
Tim Sackton: prowl rock inverted it's flat on the bottom and curves up going like a proud of a ship.
Mike Sackton: How many floors.
Tim Sackton: Down to a point.
Mike Sackton: Is the tower.
Tim Sackton: It's like 6070 feet tall. It's probably four to six floors.
Mike Sackton: So I don't know, I kind of liked the idea of climbing up the outside Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, nothing else better to do.
Mike Sackton: Bring some rope.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna climb up the tower.
Sure.
Tim Sackton: To do an acrobat acrobatics. Okay, so, um, no climbing that flat X. Ah.
What's
Tim Sackton: The fall
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We
Eric Rosenbaum: Can so
Eric Rosenbaum: Before you before you ascend. Let me just give you one of my floating rooms in case you need it.
Tim Sackton: casts out the registration.
Tim Sackton: Driving I thought if you fall
Tim Sackton: You're very unlikely to be hurt.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
Tim Sackton: So do you want to climb the five where the platform is which is a longer climb or the other side where you can go up the rock. Right. So, because of the way the rock curves, you can get maybe an extra story by starting
Tim Sackton: From the opposite side of the platform.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure, I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Ah, so make enough I'd expect
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: We just have inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I do have inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just gave it to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what does that let them do exactly
Tim Sackton: So you don't get the only advice.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it doesn't let you roll again, you
Tim Sackton: Throw a
Tim Sackton: Ball at the sex and you add your role at the sex and you add it to the
Tim Sackton: Your first or but if you don't like the role you can roll the D sex twice.
Tim Sackton: Wow, that's pretty good. Okay, so 12
Tim Sackton: That's enough to get you to the top, although
Tim Sackton: It's slow going and there's a few moments where you
Tim Sackton: Where you slip some and you have to catch yourself on a window and as you you know as you do that, you occasionally see like a little flash of
Tim Sackton: Lightning or Flash have have sort of blue sparking energy running up the side of the tower.
Tim Sackton: At you know
Tim Sackton: As it as you sort of grab onto the onto the window. So, but there's a fair number of windows and so by using the windows to sort of add on your way up, you managed to get to the so you're now sort of on the
Tim Sackton: On the sort of lip of the sloping roof. Right, so the the tower sort of curve. Well, I guess you could have gone around the side so you're on. You could be standing on the platform. If you'd like to be
I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure, I'll be standing on the platform.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so on the platform.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: So, um, the wind up here is howling much more loudly than it was at the ground and occasionally a gust will sort of strike out and almost as if it is
Tim Sackton: Intentionally coming to push you off this platform like the wind seems to be centered here in some way in a way that it's not on the ground.
Tim Sackton: The platform itself is, you know, perhaps 20 feet wide and extending
Tim Sackton: About 40 feet out from the tower.
Tim Sackton: You can see that there is a entry way an arch.
Tim Sackton: entry way in the white marble leading inside the tower from this platform and at the far end of the tower, the opposite side from the arch leading into the tower. You see that there is a
Tim Sackton: So there is a
Tim Sackton: So like a pool, almost like a like, and then fit like a fantasy version of an infinity pool right it's like a pool of rippling water that goes right up to the edge of the platform and seems to be falling off into the space below.
Tim Sackton: lipped by this sort of marble intricately worked marble bricks almost with sort of silver filigree designs in them and then
Tim Sackton: Standing in the middle of that platform. There is something that looks like a globe made of crossed bands of dark metal. So it's like, um,
Tim Sackton: It's like a circle, but it's like, you know, a series of concentric circles that get bigger and smaller, right. So it forms a sphere but made of a bunch of bands that are going this way and then this way.
Tim Sackton: Right, so it's like it's like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a rubber band ball.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, like a rubber band ball but hollow in the middle. It's just the outside like in a bunch of directions to form a nearly solid, solid sphere, um,
Tim Sackton: Ah, whenever the wind sort of lashes down and blows here. It blows through this, this
Tim Sackton: Iron for black metal
Tim Sackton: Globe and you almost, almost sounds like there's sort of echoing of voices.
Tim Sackton: Caused by there.
Tim Sackton: And the globe is that inside this fountain. So it's like on a bit of a pedestal and the waters then flowing around it off the edge of the platform.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys, there is
Tim Sackton: Some pretty nobody can hear you.
Tim Sackton: Your way out at the top. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I throw some rope down I throw the rope down
Tim Sackton: You're gonna climb up
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, why not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I mean, this is a pretty easy to climb the rope. Right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the road. Yeah, it's not a it's might take you some time.
Mike Sackton: Is that
Tim Sackton: You're not in danger of falling
Mike Sackton: Is it possible to avoid any of the windows.
Tim Sackton: Like avoid being seen through the wind.
Yes.
Tim Sackton: I'm not not if you're just climbing up the rope which is just hanging straight down and
Mike Sackton: Passes through a window.
Tim Sackton: Oh look, it's the cat.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Marshmallow.
Mike Sackton: Marshmallow, where you going
Mike Sackton: Don't jump off the back. That's a very flawed fall
Mike Sackton: Are you unhappy marshmallow.
Mike Sackton: You take him. He didn't want him to jump off the back of my
Mike Sackton: You got him. He, he's like interested in something
Mike Sackton: By MashAllah
Eric Rosenbaum: Very nice. I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to be clear, dealt with earlier was ejected by lightning explosion from the tower.
Mike Sackton: Now I jumped job.
Tim Sackton: He jumped.
Tim Sackton: Out the window to avoid a lightning bolt from some sort of lightning construct that was moving around.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, therefore I'm outside
Eric Rosenbaum: Go to the top, which is blue safe.
Tim Sackton: Hundred percent safe.
Tim Sackton: Definitely. Nothing bad is gonna happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, I'm down.
Rev. David (he/him): The road.
Rev. David (he/him): Is still covered like sparking electricity. Yep.
Tim Sackton: And you're giving off a demo glow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I put my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Smart and stupid things to be doing, but I've no idea what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Falls on this pattern where
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a good sign. It's a sign to just keep going, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I feel like this is like kind of the core of our decision making abilities is just do it. This is open the thing. Let's just go. Let's do it.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's do it here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I climb up the rope. Awesome.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you all come up to the top of the tower to this platform now and you're sort of all sort of clustering in the middle of the platform. About halfway between this pool of water with this bad you know iron bended
Tim Sackton: Year and the entry way to the tower.
Tim Sackton: Each about
Tim Sackton: The wind again continues to howl. And it's, you know, take some effort to stay on your feet.
Tim Sackton: As the gusts of wind are are
Tim Sackton: fairly intense up here in a way that
Tim Sackton: doesn't totally makes sense based on the
Tim Sackton: The sort of typography of the storm itself breaks clear up to the top, you can see about four 300 feet in the distance, the sort of wall of wind that you pass through.
Tim Sackton: The graph, you know, the planes below are dead calm but up here. There's still these gusts of wind sort of blowing across and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then does it feel like the tower is like in the dead center of the column, like, basically. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The towers. Kind of, yeah. The towers in the dead center. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, call it a hunch everybody but I feel like the storm is being generated here feels like this is like this, where the source of the storm is coming from.
Eric Rosenbaum: How would we test that hypothesis can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, we can do some really stupid things think we're pretty good at that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We could, we could try to smash the globe thing in the middle, just for fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I'm gonna look more closely at the Globe thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it got any markings on it.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: That is a good question because as you begin to approach.
Tim Sackton: The tower at South or the pool of water itself to examine the globe thing.
Tim Sackton: I'm a emerging out of the water.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: Screaming face of something like bursting out on a on a almost like a reptilian face bursting out on a
Tim Sackton: On a jet of water comes and strikes you attempt to strike you with a with a clot like up arm of water.
And
Rev. David (he/him): So your US will stick around.
Tim Sackton: You dodge back out of the way, as it sinks down
Tim Sackton: Into the water it's into the pool itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry. It was the face made of water or was it a
Tim Sackton: Thought yes it was made of water is like a like almost like a water snake with like a reptilian face erupted out and lunch that you attempting to wrap itself around your body and you jumped backwards.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. How far am I from the ball now.
Eric Rosenbaum: This year,
Ah,
Tim Sackton: How far are you from, where
Eric Rosenbaum: This the sphere and iron dance.
Tim Sackton: So it's right in the middle of the spirits right in the middle of the pool. So you're maybe jumping back out of the way you're maybe 1520 feet away.
Tim Sackton: Oops. Part of your characters go
Eric Rosenbaum: increase the magnification on my goggles. Just kidding. Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Richmond, don't you have some power over aquatic phenomena.
Kate Sackton: I can shape water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Water were pushed to the science. If
Kate Sackton: We would like to dry path to that.
Kate Sackton: But
Kate Sackton: It can tape itself to
Kate Sackton: There may be some
Kate Sackton: Interesting countermeasures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It seems just the site subsided. When you backed off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though, it seems like it's protecting the entrance into the tower somehow
Tim Sackton: Either way this. It's when you approach the pool.
Tim Sackton: At lunged out when you approach the pool.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not clear on the map here I guess you're outside the tower still
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the playground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pool is on the platform at the end of the platform at the far end
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Can you see the map. I just put up
It's all black.
Eric Rosenbaum: All black
Tim Sackton: Ah, I thought I just gave you all
Tim Sackton: I
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I can turn I can, I can see myself.
Mike Sackton: I can always see myself.
Kate Sackton: I see I can see everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see no nothing.
Tim Sackton: That's weird.
Tim Sackton: Hold on, let me just, there's no reason to have
Tim Sackton: Dynamic lighting on this map turn that off.
Tim Sackton: Oh wait, hold on.
Tim Sackton: Can you can you see now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very
Rev. David (he/him): Very good. That's
Mike Sackton: Great. Where is the pool.
Eric Rosenbaum: The pool is on the left here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: Who's missing Ken Ken's over as
Tim Sackton: Well, but
Mike Sackton: For some reason, it's still, it's all dark
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's a very dimly lit.
Mike Sackton: It's like
Mike Sackton: Somehow made dealt with.
Mike Sackton: A weird shape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't see any characters on there, I see no tokens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only see myself.
Tim Sackton: Okay, try it.
Mike Sackton: Now everything is normal.
Eric Rosenbaum: But deal with is a giant funny.
Mike Sackton: Except, so we dealt with unreasonably bizarrely large
I don't know how to fix.
It fix it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So we climbed up over the side
Tim Sackton: Say you climbed up of the
Tim Sackton: Side to hear
Tim Sackton: The the
Tim Sackton: Iron sphere is right here in the middle of this pool which
Tim Sackton: Is us getting over the
Mike Sackton: Edge this doors.
Mike Sackton: And assume
Tim Sackton: That door is open. Yes.
Mike Sackton: And what's this pedals. What's this thing we're standing on
Tim Sackton: That's just the invalid design in the marble. Okay.
Mike Sackton: mad when you approached the pool.
Mike Sackton: To go towards the atmosphere. Something tried to attack you.
Eric Rosenbaum: The water sneak sneak out of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh, yeah. This one, can you get the gist of water entirely from the blue. Is that possible.
Kate Sackton: I can only move five cubic feet of water and
Kate Sackton: Then we'll is
Kate Sackton: Bigger than that. So I can't like freeze the whole thing or
But
Kate Sackton: I'm still trying to turn to grasp the scope of the tool and whether I could influence like a path, all the way from
Tim Sackton: One edge to one of these squares as five feet.
Tim Sackton: So you could affect one squared time
Tim Sackton: So it's about two and a half squares across right it's about 12 feet across.
Tim Sackton: slightly wider than this long, of course, the water is cascading off the edge and does not seem to be the level of water in the pool does not seem to be getting lower. So there's obviously something a little bit strange about this.
Kate Sackton: Obviously,
Kate Sackton: And we didn't really green off the side
Tim Sackton: You don't see what
Kate Sackton: From down below. We didn't see it raining off the side the diving board.
Tim Sackton: You did not see it raining off the side now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody bring the
Eric Rosenbaum: Spirits spear or their long stick
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, of course I have one.
Tim Sackton: Of those got
A corner staff and to spears.
Tim Sackton: Spear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hook the ball on the end of it and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bring yeah I'm not poking that ball with my stick
Tim Sackton: It's about five feet in diameter. It's like perched on a pedestal sort
Tim Sackton: Of his note.
Tim Sackton: Right, it's centered in the middle of the
Tim Sackton: Big it's
Big
Here.
Kate Sackton: It says big we're not that far from it.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to summon him a chance
Mike Sackton: And drift them a chance close to the sphere, just see if the snake attacks that
Tim Sackton: Are made chance it's visible or invisible.
Mike Sackton: Spectral floating hands.
Tim Sackton: So visible.
Tim Sackton: Yes. Okay. Ah, so as it gets to about
Tim Sackton: Here.
Tim Sackton: So basically when it enters this square like close enough to be within
Tim Sackton: Basically within 10 feet of this of this fear itself that snake again lunges out. Um, and
Tim Sackton: And grabs like laps itself around your, your hand and begins to squeeze
Tim Sackton: Grappling it and starting to pull it into the pool.
Mike Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: So I'm going to dismiss it.
Tim Sackton: And water sort of
Tim Sackton: Collapse. The body of the water creature then collapses down into the water as it sort of squeezes in on itself and just sort of
Mike Sackton: That summit again here.
Where it
Mike Sackton: Oh wait, hold on the wrong thing here.
Tim Sackton: The same thing happened that leaps out something
Tim Sackton: Creature leaves out this time missing as the main chance of just
Tim Sackton: Ducks
Mike Sackton: Under it's this. The somebody want to try to close and see what the sphere is in more detail. Well you distracts the water creature with this.
Kate Sackton: Do you want me to see if I or the other possible experiments I can try to move the water out of a certain area and then when you put your major hand there if it can't reach into the areas that I'm creating that me know I can create a safe area.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we can do that.
Mike Sackton: But didn't the water refill when he took some out
Mike Sackton: Of, you know, did I miss
Kate Sackton: I haven't
Mike Sackton: You haven't tried
Kate Sackton: I wasn't
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But the water is
Tim Sackton: Water like you could
Tim Sackton: You can like part water right it's just
Tim Sackton: The only reason it didn't work in the flooded tunnel is because
Tim Sackton: There's more water flowing down. And so you can't. So if there's more water magically appearing on the surface of here whenever you do will get well. But if there's not, then you can write
Mike Sackton: Like Wait, is this water pouring off the side or is it just
Tim Sackton: A pool and this
Tim Sackton: Is pouring off the side
Mike Sackton: But it's not diminishing. Right, right, right.
Kate Sackton: Magically itself renewing water, but there's a question of whether I can still, it can still magically self renew in
Kate Sackton: 75% of the area and I can
Kate Sackton: Clear 25% right area and it can counteract my attempt to clear it can clearly make more water and try to fill in. When I'm doing, but I don't know who's felt
Kate Sackton: So I can try.
Kate Sackton: And we could know that it couldn't get into that space. If it is your main can materialize in the space that I cleared out and it couldn't grab at it.
Kate Sackton: Or we could just send you know Kenzo and to try and see if he can get grab that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blood.
Kate Sackton: If you can get grabbed at the week to test it with him a tamper said
Kate Sackton: Well, let me see if I can move the water out of the way. Anyway, I mean, what is the benefit of touching this thing or looking closely at it.
Mike Sackton: Why would it be guarded if it wasn't important.
Kate Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, it's just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Total intuition and guess
Kate Sackton: So I, I, I can save water in a way where I'm attempting to create like a
Kate Sackton: Parting of best
Kate Sackton: Of the sea of the pool to create a dry path between the edge of the fountain and fall
Eric Rosenbaum: Into the clear area.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
So resin.
Tim Sackton: So you you can basically instantaneously move water.
Tim Sackton: Um, so you're basically taking a five foot like what secret does with earth right you're taking a five foot
Tim Sackton: cube of water and just like
Tim Sackton: Dumping it out, you know, off the side or something. So it's, it's no longer there. Um,
Tim Sackton: Ah, and you know as you do this seeker step, you know, starts to step forward and you see as you move the water out, like the the level in the pool.
Tim Sackton: Drops, but of course it all sort of starts to flow into um
Tim Sackton: To to balance itself and you know you can keep
Tim Sackton: Moving five feet of water out. Like you could, you know, try it. You can try and empty the entire pool. That's why I'm
Kate Sackton: But I'm not the one thing
Tim Sackton: shaven. Okay.
Kate Sackton: So trying to create two tall like why
Kate Sackton: We have two balls.
Kate Sackton: Of
Kate Sackton: Dry Dry land from Dr fountain.
Land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or their rooms on the on the globe or their writings on it is the globe moving or is it just like kind of still
Tim Sackton: On
Tim Sackton: Now it's just it's just out I'm
Tim Sackton: Data
Kate Sackton: So there's writing on it. It's
Small enough the weekend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as you sort of, you know,
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: So, right. So again, you can't you, I mean you can't like shape water doesn't put up a wall of force that prevents water from flowing. It just lets you redirect it or move it temporarily right so you can't, it's not. There's like a fourth level spell called control water that lets you
Tim Sackton: That lets you like basically form water into a tunnel or do whatever you want. Right.
Tim Sackton: So you can't you can't really like you're not. It's not like Moses, right. You can't like, or like you know water bending. Right. You can't put the sea is with with shape water. It's just a catcher, but pretty minor effects so you can
Tim Sackton: But you can like push the flow away right you can divert it it's
Tim Sackton: Just physics will take over and the water starts to, you know, to, to refill as you
Tim Sackton: You know, as you're pushing it away. It's like flowing back in, you're pushing it away. So you can make the one or shallow, or you can
Tim Sackton: You know, temporarily clear a spot and then the water starts to flow back in and then you clear it again in the water starts to flow back in, but you can't really like make two giant like you can't like, you know, part the seas to
Kate Sackton: Get to shape the water into a state that I want it to be.
Kate Sackton: Not what shape wider does
Tim Sackton: Well, it's
Yeah, so
Mike Sackton: While this is well this is happening. I'm gonna bring it. I'm gonna meditate into my face site, site thing and see if anything's magical
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that takes 10 minutes to act. Right. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay, um,
Ah,
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So yes, you can write you can shape water but it's
Tim Sackton: It doesn't last right it's it's
Tim Sackton: I guess you can animate it at your direction. Right, so you can basically take a five foot cube and animated however you want, which could involve
Tim Sackton: Which could involve
Tim Sackton: Walls.
Eric Rosenbaum: And brewery.
Tim Sackton: So you can take this five foot this like initial five foot cube and and clear it out, um,
Kate Sackton: And I don't know if that makes it safer to approach that little area is temporarily cleared out
Tim Sackton: Right, I guess the main thing is you can't keep you can't keep doing that right so you can't clear more. You can't have more than five foot area under you control the same time. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I know that I was like, I can only clarify feed.
Kate Sackton: But that gets it. So, so, or does it
Tim Sackton: So as you begin to approach.
Tim Sackton: Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Ah, let's see. So this, this area now.
Tim Sackton: Let's
Tim Sackton: Like right
Tim Sackton: Right here is sort of empty of water from resins.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spouse, so let's okay but
Tim Sackton: But as you begin to approach stepping
Tim Sackton: There.
Tim Sackton: The snake again erupts basically within as soon as you get within 10 foot of the of this
Tim Sackton: The globe and what's your AC.
Eric Rosenbaum: You there.
Tim Sackton: OK, so again it you managed to sort of duck out of the way. As the water snake sort of worlds past you slightly misjudging your heights and
Tim Sackton: And again you dodge back. I mean, I guess you could keep going forward. If you want to
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just trying to see what I can see
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: Make a perception check
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Tim Sackton: So, you know, from your brief, brief glimpse before you sort of jump back out of, out of range.
Tim Sackton: You know it's it's made of metal of some kind.
Tim Sackton: The bands seem to be it's not
Tim Sackton: So they seem to be fused completely smooth. Right. So there's not
Tim Sackton: Like seems or or
Tim Sackton: Lines, it's almost a someone took a solid sphere and then removed pieces so that you had a completely solid doesn't look like it was, um,
Tim Sackton: It looks completely like all the places where the band's cross look like it's just one piece.
Tim Sackton: And there does seem to be faint writing on it, but it's, you can't. It's not something you recognize and you can't read it before you jump back out of the range of the snake.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: Not sure what else to try. I can
Eric Rosenbaum: Briefly, get it glowing white hot, I think, but that might be harmful for everyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could take this beautifully custom made chain net tossed into the water. He thought up creating a whole mess of steam and possibly boiling off some of the water, but it seems to regenerate.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could imagine also trying to puncture
Eric Rosenbaum: This platform that we're on inner drain the pool, which I'm sure will be completely safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that may not work either.
Mike Sackton: But that's the science theory, it's just a iron sphere.
Tim Sackton: It's like
Tim Sackton: It's like a rubber like a hollow rubber band ball right so it's like bands of iron that run around in circles getting bigger and smaller to make a sphere and then going in the other direction. Right, so it so it's a, it's a, it's a sphere, but it's not a solid steer. It's a
Tim Sackton: Copy sphere that has
Tim Sackton: But not that it has holes.
Tim Sackton: Right, it's that if you
Tim Sackton: If just like took circles. If you had a whole bunch of circles that you arranged going this way and then this way.
Tim Sackton: Right, you could construct a sphere, if they're all different sizes, but they all seem to be fused together. Right. It's not something, it's not
Mike Sackton: Is it magical
Tim Sackton: Ah, yes.
The sphere.
Tim Sackton: So the sphere is magical um
Tim Sackton: There's just a faint sense of
Tim Sackton: otherworldly energy around this entire. I mean, you notice this last time, right, is the whole Tower itself seems to be somehow magical. The steer is definitely magical
Mike Sackton: And what about the water
Tim Sackton: The water is
Eric Rosenbaum: Visibly magical right
Tim Sackton: So, I mean, the
Eric Rosenbaum: Water is the kids.
Mike Sackton: While the could. I don't know. There could be the create the water could be a chanted or there could be a creature living in it.
Tim Sackton: The water is South does not seem to be
Tim Sackton: Any more magical than just the surrounding area.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so there's something driving those creatures in there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's what I was wondering.
Mike Sackton: What kind of magic is the sphere.
Tim Sackton: So it's very complex. It seems to have some elements of condemnation energy as well as enchantment and illusion.
Mike Sackton: Might be a bad idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the best ideas always start
Mike Sackton: He said there was some fate writing on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I did see some reading. I was not able to read it, though.
Mike Sackton: But it's too hard to see from far away, right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's too hard to you would need to be right next to it, treat it small.
Kate Sackton: All right, that's better better eyesight then seeker.
Kate Sackton: That wasn't had magic vision or anything.
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah, somebody have a telescope
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah yeah
Mike Sackton: Yeah okay borrow it.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, you're welcome to it.
Mike Sackton: Can I read the writing.
Mike Sackton: Through the telescope
Tim Sackton: Make a perception check
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a focal distance kind of question here, but it's
Kate Sackton: got going on today.
Tim Sackton: That's not a great telescope. But ah
Tim Sackton: Yeah. You'd need the parts that are so it's going it's curved around the sort of central band and you can read the one
Tim Sackton: part that's
Tim Sackton: Facing directly you but as it begins to curve. It's gentler to detect. Um, so it is a
Tim Sackton: A fragment of some kind of so it's in drink Korean
Tim Sackton: And it is seems to be the fragment of us have a smile or some kind of ritual incantation
Tim Sackton: The words themselves are
Tim Sackton: So it's, you know, don't particularly have meaning to you, but that's that's your senses to what it is.
Mike Sackton: So many senses to what the spell might be doing
Tim Sackton: It, you can't relate without being able to read the entire
Tim Sackton: Writing. It's too hard to tell.
Rev. David (he/him): Right, anybody speak Korean Korean
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's be drink Korea right so
Tim Sackton: Do you ah
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, we decided, I think we decided that was one of the languages, you would have learned from Kai so
Mike Sackton: So here's the really bad idea.
Mike Sackton: Wait, hold on this thing was grappling
Mike Sackton: The hand.
Tim Sackton: It was squeeze it was grappling the hand. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that weird because the hand is none corporeal
Mike Sackton: Thought that we're done with our hands.
Tim Sackton: That's what, that's why I asked, right, it's not. I mean, it's glowing, it's not
Mike Sackton: It's not a fit. I mean it. It's ghostly
Mike Sackton: But it does look like an actual hand.
Tim Sackton: I mean it's physical I know like
Kate Sackton: Open a chest or something so it
Eric Rosenbaum: Has to be grabbed
Tim Sackton: By water creatures Kong.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was
Tim Sackton: It was it was mechanic.
Tim Sackton: That Kansas speaks not drink, Korean, you still have to
Tim Sackton: Use to unknown languages to
Tim Sackton: summon some languages you haven't picked
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, right, right. Okay, cool.
Mike Sackton: All right, well,
Mike Sackton: We're going we're gonna go okay I've dealt with takes out a small vial of of whale.
Hey,
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): I can't help but notice you've taken that a small bottle of oil.
Mike Sackton: Well, so I
Mike Sackton: Don't know if we should use this. It's oil slippery.
Mike Sackton: Makes it easy to escape from being grappled
Mike Sackton: I thought
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe Nestle a water creature
Mike Sackton: Why not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the goal of what
Mike Sackton: Reading the incantation
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): I think you should try. Say hi to it and drink Korea first.
Mike Sackton: I don't speak Korean Korean
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, nobody speaks Korean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I speak Korean Korean
Tim Sackton: You do okay yeah Kansas speaks to anchor and
Mike Sackton: Yeah, maybe talk to it first, then
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's destroy it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Talks to the water creature. We're talking to the globe.
Mike Sackton: The globe, I think, is now ritual in some cases.
Mike Sackton: It's a focus of I'll get out the storm presumably
Eric Rosenbaum: There anything inside of it. We can see through it right
Tim Sackton: This whole yeah it's nothing inside of that.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you ask the water creature. What is guarding
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, if I get close to it. It's going to attack me, isn't it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Raise your voice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: That might be a bad idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of water creatures and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's the gold gloves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I get kind of, you know, not too close, but close enough to be within like kind of shouting distance of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, we're already with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chatting distance
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I asked it, and drink Korean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who are you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's your, what's your name.
Nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doesn't seem to be me saying anything.
Tim Sackton: The wider doesn't seem to move
Rev. David (he/him): And Plan B was to destroy it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the I feel like this is always where you want to go. You want to just kill things
Eric Rosenbaum: It didn't you just have a grappling hook over there. Well, we could pull it off the platform towards us. Get it away from the water.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's do that then blow it up.
Rev. David (he/him): So we probably don't need a quick exit off this particular
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Survivor fall, by the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, we should use the other grappling
Rev. David (he/him): To carry me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, so what's our master plan here. We're trying. Let's read the inscription right
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's
Mike Sackton: Like a 300 pound iron sphere.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody's heavy
Eric Rosenbaum: It's
Tim Sackton: Could be quite happy. I mean, it's five feet across.
Mike Sackton: Can any of us lift more than like half a pound.
Tim Sackton: Well, there's one strong
Eric Rosenbaum: We have
Kate Sackton: I haven't posted them Hilton's drink if we want to get really strong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or I can make anybody to exercise. Also, we have the cooling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Weight but but but but to do what to just to move the globe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look at it with
Mike Sackton: Oil slippery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love it.
Kate Sackton: To read it, you're not going to try to move it.
Kate Sackton: Move it. I'll give you my potion to
Kate Sackton: Kill time. Sorry.
Mike Sackton: No, I'm not trying to move it. So I'm going to, I'm going to use the oil slipperiness
Mike Sackton: Okay, then I'm going to some of them a chance
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And have them a chance. Go taught the water creature on the opposite side of the side, but I'm going to
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, this the oils on unit maintained.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, we should we put a rope around us so we can pull you out if something happens like around your waist.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure to close off first.
Rev. David (he/him): We just dry cleaning
Mike Sackton: It just goes on all your armor. It's like magical
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: All right, what is the wireless loveliness to
Mike Sackton: Freedom of movement spell for the next eight hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, ah,
Tim Sackton: So does that mean you cannot be restrained.
Mike Sackton: I can spend five feet of movement to automatically I cannot be restraints now.
Tim Sackton: Targets movement is
Mike Sackton: Affected by difficult terrain spells or other magical facts cannot reduce the target speed nor cause the target to be paralyzed or restraint.
Mike Sackton: So also five feet of movement to automatically escaped from any non magical restraint, including manacles or a creature that has grappled and being underwater and poses no penalty on my right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's pretty useful.
Tim Sackton: So, ah, you
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: send the message hand to try and distract the creature and that's predictable it rears up and strikes at them. Ah, and
Tim Sackton: Which it does grapple and and start to crush. And now I'm going to have you make a
Tim Sackton: Stealth check but with your spell casting ability to just represent how distracting you can be with the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Major hand.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so that's
Tim Sackton: So I make a
Mike Sackton: It's just a charisma check
Tim Sackton: It's just a charisma.
Mike Sackton: I'm not proficient itself. So it's straight up as my plus set free to charisma.
Tim Sackton: Just straight charisma. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: OK, so the main chant itself is
Tim Sackton: So it's you've managed to sort of lower its attention pretty clearly and it's starting to grapple and crush them. Ah, and as you sort of slip into the water and begin to read the
Tim Sackton: Writing
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: You know, for the next
Tim Sackton: You know, short, while it seems to be distracted, as it begins to slowly crush and you know attempt to drag so would drag them a chance. Underneath the water and and as you focus on the
Tim Sackton: The word sort of around here. It seems to be some sort of enchantment of of binding and control.
Tim Sackton: It's not this is much more powerful magic than you are.
Tim Sackton: Regularly familiar with.
Tim Sackton: But, and you can't, you know, you can't identify it as a as a spell that, you know, or you've heard of or something like that.
Tim Sackton: But it seems to be a you know a spell of a binding in particular is is what you is the sense that you got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Binding what
Tim Sackton: It's not entirely clear binding what
Mike Sackton: How heavy is it
Mike Sackton: Like if I reach out to touch it. Would it be something that would, is it like solidly affixed to a pedestal and
Tim Sackton: So you couldn't see from before. But yes, you can see now under that underwater. There is a, like a marble block that sitting directly beneath it, and
Tim Sackton: It seems to be connected by an iron rod to this block of marble. So it seems to be a fixed in place.
Eric Rosenbaum: For us to middle out could probably crack the blog.
Eric Rosenbaum: is undoubtedly helpful.
Mike Sackton: Guide tie a rope around the edge around. I mean, is it can you wake Fred a rope through one of
Tim Sackton: The definitely
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'll do that. And then I'll retreat.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: As you as you begin to tie a rope, it does you know your mate 10 distraction only lasts for so long.
Tim Sackton: And it
Tim Sackton: turns around and slash and veers off out of the water around you.
Tim Sackton: What's your AC.
Mike Sackton: 17
Tim Sackton: Okay, just, it does just take you
Tim Sackton: You take
We go. No.
Come on.
Tim Sackton: You take 13 points damage.
Tim Sackton: Wow, and you
grappled
Tim Sackton: As the water wraps around you and begins to
Eric Rosenbaum: Squeeze you. I thought he was slippery.
Tim Sackton: It feels like you're being
Tim Sackton: Graph by
Tim Sackton: You know, hard steel not water.
Tim Sackton: Bodies solidifies as it wraps around you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we pulled out without with the rope.
Mike Sackton: I assume I could step out
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's just a regular graph.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can step out easily, and now
I'm
Mike Sackton: But 13 points of damage is rough
Mike Sackton: All right. Did I managed to tie the rope.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: All right, I will, I will retreat. I will take whatever the action is that
Mike Sackton: I don't get a taxi. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Retreat. Yep.
Tim Sackton: As you retreat out of, you know, further than about 10 feet from this year, it drops below the water and vanishes again.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that hurt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you like a healing word
Mike Sackton: Sure, or are we have quite a few potions a healing.
Mike Sackton: But yes, some healing would be appreciated.
Cast healing, Jeremy.
For
Mike Sackton: How much, how much
Tim Sackton: Simon
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't that
Eric Rosenbaum: Took off a slot. That's weird.
Rev. David (he/him): What if we destroy the sphere toss it down the bottom of the tower.
Rev. David (he/him): Let out whatever is trapped inside it and that's
Rev. David (he/him): That's what's powering the store.
Mike Sackton: So the question is, is the sphere binding something that we want to let free
Eric Rosenbaum: I agree that that is that is a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have any way of finding out more about what this year is doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Short of hopping in off of its pedestal, they're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like we don't even know what the storm is doing like is the storm doing something useful is it harmful. Is it is it what we don't know what the hell is going on at all with any of this stuff, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's scouring the country so
Mike Sackton: I think we have to go in the tower.
Mike Sackton: But the very top right.
Tim Sackton: All right, I supply it looks like there might be one floor above you.
Tim Sackton: Like
Tim Sackton: Underneath the conical roof.
Tim Sackton: Was good. So this is the top
Tim Sackton: Or that has straight what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome, wait, before you go inside. What happened again though to you when you went inside, you got some bad things happening to you and are likely to happen us
Mike Sackton: There was a giant creature made of
Mike Sackton: Lightning Bolt came alive and tried to kill me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, okay. So water just tried to kill you and lightning just tried to kill you. So can we just assume that this is like some kind of elemental like here to kill doll with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And all of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stuff and I reached into his pocket and say, I've got this little glowing red Jim also that's got
Eric Rosenbaum: What we believe to be a fire elemental inside of it. So case we ever need.
To
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know. We need that for, but we haven't is what I'm trying to say.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, possibly going in the tower will bring down some giant whitening creature actually
No.
Kate Sackton: I
Rev. David (he/him): Mean we could always tried talking to the tower again.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. What happens when he tried that.
Rev. David (he/him): I got covered and glowing electricity.
Mike Sackton: Get it hurt.
Rev. David (he/him): It was agonizing yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: It did. It did it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is
Mike Sackton: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing is puzzling.
Mike Sackton: What do we do, we, here we go.
Kate Sackton: Oh my thought was that we were wondering if this
Kate Sackton: had anything to do with
Kate Sackton: You know the rift between the planes and all those things that y'all are interested in, but I don't think it has anything to do with I get to death mother or
Kate Sackton: Letting monsters into this world that are proving the plane or any of the things that we're really need to be concerned about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think that's still an open question.
Mike Sackton: It creature something here knows something
Mike Sackton: There's a very
Tim Sackton: Specific summary of the situation.
Rev. David (he/him): But it's not any of us.
Mike Sackton: Like a
Kate Sackton: But the answer thing that you talk to maybe trapped here by the electricity thing and it may know stuff in general.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, but it's
Kate Sackton: Not necessarily, you know,
Kate Sackton: The cause of our solution to any of our problem. So you could just leave it here to keep being trapped by it.
Mike Sackton: Electro I think we've created some new problems for ourselves by coming here.
Mike Sackton: And the thing here. Maybe the solution to those new problems that we didn't have until we came here.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't even know what year it is.
Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's windy out here. Let's go inside.
Kate Sackton: The window here directional
Mike Sackton: We see better
Kate Sackton: Off in a certain direction.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes. By now, it's, yeah, it's probably been, you know, an hour in between the climbing up and all that 10 minute meditations and applying oils and things. Um, yes, you can see the stars better
Mike Sackton: And is it the same season is it what does it seem like a totally different time of year.
Tim Sackton: Make a survival check
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: So it's
Tim Sackton: Something strikes you as
Tim Sackton: Strange about the sky. It's not just that.
Tim Sackton: One constellation is missing.
Tim Sackton: But it's hard to put a finger on exactly what the
Tim Sackton: Differences like it. It's not that it's not that it's a recognizable.
Tim Sackton: winter sky and it's supposed to be summer or it's a recognizable fall sky or it's a recognizable northern sky and you're in the South.
Tim Sackton: It's almost as if there are other things.
Tim Sackton: Just slightly misplaced.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other things
Tim Sackton: Like stars are not quite, especially the things you know the stars that are not forming constellations right like just the background stars of the sky just strikes you like slightly unfamiliar, but not in a familiar way, if that makes any sense.
Mike Sackton: Were there any stars in the Shadow Realm that I was in.
Mike Sackton: Know,
Eric Rosenbaum: They're doing it, Stephen.
Tim Sackton: I'm getting to your shorts. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Is there. So it's not right. So it's not like this is
Mike Sackton: This is fall
Tim Sackton: It's like, Whoa, that's weird.
Mike Sackton: Or the other constellations that were heroes from ages past in the sky.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: The wind blowing in a certain direction.
Kate Sackton: Would it be like walk toward the castle run away from it because the wind is blowing up there, anything like that.
Tim Sackton: No it's, it's just sort of every two, three minutes. There's like a random gusts that's blowing
Tim Sackton: You know, from one of the sides of the platform.
Tim Sackton: Walking into the tower itself. It doesn't seem like the wind is particularly trying to prevent you from walking into the south tower or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to approach the tower while be
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, hold on a second, hold on a second. Avatar the line I'm
Really
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Tim, is this the same voice as before.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: You didn't sell before you didn't really hear words right it was just it. It was more of an of an image.
Tim Sackton: It does not seem like the same
Tim Sackton: It seems quite different from what you saw before, but
Tim Sackton: Part of that's because it's it's this is words and that was more images.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm asking the tower what it means.
Mike Sackton: Is it answering
Rev. David (he/him): It's wondering who we are.
Rev. David (he/him): Into that for a second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dealt with when you when you were attacked earlier by the lightning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where did you and we thought that it felt like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The lightning was protecting that there's something trapped in here. Where do we think that thing is trapped, whatever it is.
Mike Sackton: Hard to know where it was trapped. I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What floor, were you when you when you encounter the lightning.
Mike Sackton: Second going between the second and the third
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, there were higher
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: It was a little warning also right
Kate Sackton: Yes, I'm not warning, but
Mike Sackton: It was observing away. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I was
Tim Sackton: You got i mean you are invisible and you're trying to be quiet. You got the sense that it was
Mike Sackton: Searching for you.
Tim Sackton: Right. And it wasn't until you came up the stairs rather loudly and clumsily that
It appeared
Eric Rosenbaum: In little stone, since there was something deep below the tower. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, and there was something deep below the tower. There was something
Tim Sackton: In the walls and there was a
Tim Sackton: Gold and Silver probably like write about inside the desk floor of the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the deep below. Is that an coinciding with the node location.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's the note below.
Tim Sackton: For Ah, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: consigning
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Actually, I guess, not exactly. So, it is the thing. Deep below was more like in the center of the blue granite of the rock and the node is sort of directly below the tower so slightly off center, sort of in a line but slightly off center.
Tim Sackton: Not it wouldn't be directly coinciding
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And why do we think something is trapped here.
Mike Sackton: We just got the sense I think that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels like the protections that this place has be at the electricity or the water, it needs to send us to it to know it's there. I mean, we were you're able to trick it you know
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What you just did earlier so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, you know, I wonder
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm a pretty stealthy guys so as well be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You could cast in visibility on one of us, and we could try or both of us. And we could try to
Tim Sackton: Right at the moment I'll be glowing with dim light as lightning little sparks of electricity are racing across the skin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will be okay.
Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): The tower asked us travelers from distant lands. Why do you disturb my torment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could suggest that we might try to help it if you could tell us how
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Was a storm once wants to become a storm again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was this to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Them. Are there any a Arcana like legends and stories of like giant historic storms. Is there is there sort of like a you know the the Noah's Ark, you know, great floods of talent or type of thing.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I'm
Tim Sackton: You know they're there are always legends of these things. Right. I mean, you know,
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: In terms of like storms personified
Tim Sackton: Nothing is cut. Well, I guess, making our kind of check
Tim Sackton: Yeah, nothing is really coming directly to mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, how can we help it become a storm again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we want to help it become a storm again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: One possibility is that it's it's a trap storm like it's a storm that's being held in place thesis.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, hoping it would release it and then the stone naturally dissipate.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: After
Mike Sackton: The storm the storm, the one that was answering the questions.
Mike Sackton: Or is the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lightning elemental
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's what I'm trying to understand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the are you're you're talking right now with the tower. Are you talking right now with the storm is what were you, what were you talking to you. What are you talking to a
Eric Rosenbaum: Great question.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah. Yeah, it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know,
Rev. David (he/him): No, I seem to be talking with a storm trapped inside the tower.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe
Kate Sackton: Can you ask if you
Kate Sackton: Go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just can you ask it about the storm. Outside the tower. What it is the nature of it.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, talk to stores.
Rev. David (he/him): How would you ask a storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: He was fun to blustery
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Walking Dead does it is it aware that there is a there that there's also a storm outside of the Tower. Is it aware of that storm.
Rev. David (he/him): Let me ask you where it is.
Mike Sackton: A good idea
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: Hold on one sec. Sorry, I was like, just text me
Rev. David (he/him): It's to me about
Rev. David (he/him): Giant new a long, long time ago comes to go
Tim Sackton: Wind.
Tim Sackton: Now gets you know you is
Rev. David (he/him): As
Tim Sackton: You're all sort of watching while we have this conversation, an enormous gust of wind blows up and lightning strikes the top of the tower.
Tim Sackton: Cascade cascading down in through the walls.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: You were saying about a giant
Rev. David (he/him): It says it new one giant in Sukkah
Rev. David (he/him): fadil unsaid halfway. So
Rev. David (he/him): Thousand years ago.
Rev. David (he/him): Long time ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's be a very old storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Say that once more, it said it knows a giant
Rev. David (he/him): A
Rev. David (he/him): Giant men who fought alongside pathways. It's an old, old story.
Rev. David (he/him): Thousand years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Julian's
Kate Sackton: The well be you know the story of the giant who was friends with that's like you saying when it happened.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: That the storm in
Rev. David (he/him): This yeah that's me.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dread the giants were masters of the magic rooms.
Mike Sackton: Are you saying this giant
Mike Sackton: Is what's
Mike Sackton: How is that related to this.
Rev. David (he/him): Storm new the giant
Rev. David (he/him): Like, there were buddies.
Mike Sackton: So like
Eric Rosenbaum: What reason to bring it up now exposes the question.
Uh,
Kate Sackton: This was an answer to
Kate Sackton: The question, where are you
Kate Sackton: And the answer is, I want you to a giant name picker.
Rev. David (he/him): Know, I asked him what his name was and asked if it was sick.
Rev. David (he/him): And it said no, but it was it new server.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could ask it. If it's a giant, I suppose.
Kate Sackton: My life politely asked it attacks deal with
Rev. David (he/him): Or if it was
Kate Sackton: Being attacked
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, that's what I'm trying to figure out
Kate Sackton: Which entity. Are you talking to
Eric Rosenbaum: Good idea. I didn't attack the L for now.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): Why are we disturbing. It wants to know why we're here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we're trying to help.
Kate Sackton: Well, it said it was being tormented
Kate Sackton: Tournament ended.
Rev. David (he/him): So I'll just relate whatever it says
Tim Sackton: Back. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I just Isaac needs me to approve a
Tim Sackton: Thing and
Eric Rosenbaum: Switch.
Oh, it's a
Tim Sackton: Have to remember my apple password.
Tim Sackton: Mine. My Touch ID didn't work. So now I have to remember my own Apple password, which is a huge pain.
I know what it is.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, guys.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I was like, you're all set.
Tim Sackton: Okay, back to the game.
Tim Sackton: So, um, you then here, echoing in your mind well be as it as you ask it if you want.
Tim Sackton: It to end.
Tim Sackton: Loudly angrily. I am the storm.
Tim Sackton: Seems to ignore. I am
Tim Sackton: I am not here for torment.
Tim Sackton: Leave me
Tim Sackton: That seems to be the attitude is quite different than the one you were just done though, whatever you were just talking
Eric Rosenbaum: With there's two things.
Rev. David (he/him): There's two things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did it say that it wanted to be left it's somehow enjoying the tournament. Is that what it was saying that it wants to be left to its torment.
Kate Sackton: No, I think tormentor interrupted the conversation while it was happening with the one being tormented
Rev. David (he/him): I think there's one of them that speaks with normal capitalization. And when it speaks in all caps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you have any intuition will be on on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we should be helping the if we should be helping what's being trapped or if we should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be happy that it's trapped
Tim Sackton: You start to see sparks collecting along that outside wall of the tower.
Rev. David (he/him): Here.
Rev. David (he/him): We always tend to stand with the tormented over the tour mentors. Right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but
Mike Sackton: Okay, so we're gonna be attacked by a whitening creature soon.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, climb down the rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or right into the tower.
Rev. David (he/him): Or destroy the sphere.
Eric Rosenbaum: We gotta do something.
Tim Sackton: Just done on the line.
Mike Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: Tip that's fear was
Was
Mike Sackton: Finding magic, right.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna go inside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to go inside to
Tim Sackton: Okay. Ah, so the room that you enter through this archway
Tim Sackton: Is
Tim Sackton: Marked by not on the map. Sadly, which I guess they could have added, but there's five
Tim Sackton: Columns. So it's a white marble room.
Tim Sackton: There is a passage way that there's this sort of passage rate that leads through to another room in the distance.
Tim Sackton: There are windows all around. And in this main entry rum. There are five
Tim Sackton: tall white marble columns that each sort of come to a point with a with a metal silvery metal socket at the top that are empty arranged sort of in like a pentagram.
Tim Sackton: The looking through the court or into the the far room, which is just like an open open passage way, you can see the stairs up in the stairs down on either side.
Tim Sackton: And then looking into the open passageway ahead. You can see, ah,
Tim Sackton: In the center of the room. So like Ray. Oops. Am I right about their
Tim Sackton: Boss to have a giant so just about eight feet tall, just the
Tim Sackton: Like shoulders and head of a giant
Eric Rosenbaum: carved in stone or something.
Tim Sackton: He carved in stone. The features are somewhat non distinct a flat nose. No hair sort of long stretched out face almost
Tim Sackton: A grim flat mouth closed.
Tim Sackton: Where the eyes should be there are empty sockets.
Tim Sackton: The mat mouth itself is etched in silver with like silver lips and more gold and silver decorates the pedestal, in which this
Tim Sackton: Boston standing a considerable amount. I'm
Tim Sackton: Sorry elaborately done a crown of stone is carved into the head
Tim Sackton: Of a darker. So this is all in sort of
Tim Sackton: You know, sort of gray marble and then the crown of of stone is carved in darker stone.
Tim Sackton: Sort of set on the head. Also, with five points right so it's like a band with like five triangles that come up
Tim Sackton: Each of which also has like a metal setting on the top.
Tim Sackton: where something has been removed.
Tim Sackton: The eyes are just echoes of wind
Tim Sackton: They're just missing. Yeah, their sockets just empty sockets carved into the stone. Clearly something was once they're
Like
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The lightning crackles more lively as you step into the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys coming in.
Kate Sackton: I was waiting
Rev. David (he/him): If you got killed for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, there's some interesting things inside here.
Mike Sackton: Is the statue magical
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: That's you, is not magical
Mike Sackton: What about the five pillars.
Tim Sackton: Also not magical or no more magical than like the whole place is right.
Kate Sackton: This lightning crackling on the outside where I'm still
Kate Sackton: Standing reduce when they go inside, or does it say the same.
Tim Sackton: Know it reduces something is following them in
Eric Rosenbaum: This tension have that look like the one of our kisses that is named being that had been turned to stone or have a carving.
Tim Sackton: Know this is definitely a carbon
Tim Sackton: I mean it's clearly. Yeah. Somebody, somebody carved to this and it was one set with
Tim Sackton: Something I'm
Tim Sackton: No longer
Kate Sackton: malevolent lightning can be following us in here. So if we want to change the state of this place.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to drink a humid time to act.
Kate Sackton: Good call.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're drinking what
Mike Sackton: I'm going to drink a healing potion.
Mike Sackton: I still wasn't it full health and I wasn't feeling so good about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will be
Kate Sackton: Good, well that's been trying up the stairs and down and see if
Kate Sackton: We can find what's missing from the docket.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's go upstairs.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you begin to head up the stairs.
Kate Sackton: Coming down with me in case
Kate Sackton: What we need is down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's probably not split up right now.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We'll try at first, all together, then
Kate Sackton: I just feel like our time is limited.
Mike Sackton: We can move fast.
Tim Sackton: So as you begin to head up the stairs.
Tim Sackton: The sparks of lightning which you were which seemed to have been following and beginning to coalesce
Tim Sackton: begin to fade.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: Let me just roll one thing real quick.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: Stairs climb.
Tim Sackton: Twisting in a spiral almost into sort of a mist and fog and as you begin to. I mean, it's just, I mean it's not totally obscuring it's just faint.
Tim Sackton: It's just making everything steam almost a little bit dreamlike
Tim Sackton: And as as you begin to sort of come up to the exit of the tower.
Tim Sackton: You come out onto a rocky barren mountainside.
Tim Sackton: The stairs leading down a Kate sort of almost like in a cave entrance behind you. The sun is shining
Tim Sackton: And although a bitter wind occasionally blows the temperature is moderate
Tim Sackton: We there's
Mike Sackton: A
Kate Sackton: While after a dimensional portal or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What
Tim Sackton: You're standing on the side of a mountain, a staircase below behind you, leading down
Rev. David (he/him): Where, where is this. Can we tell from landmarks around or other mountains or anything where
Tim Sackton: This at the
Tim Sackton: Clouds hide the land below you, but ahead. There's a short path that leads towards the summit of the mountain that you're on maybe
Tim Sackton: A few hundred yards.
Ahead.
Tim Sackton: The mountaintop itself as he turned to look in that direction has been moved into a platform of sports.
Tim Sackton: And on this platform. There isn't an enormous Hall of grace down like you know something like, you know, the Parthenon, but scaled up by a factor of five.
Rev. David (he/him): Like the kind of
Tim Sackton: Huge columns enormous steps.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like Valhalla are
Tim Sackton: The kind of place that what
Rev. David (he/him): normal size, people would live. Oh.
Tim Sackton: No, definitely not.
Tim Sackton: Five times bigger than the
Tim Sackton: Kind of place normal people would live
Eric Rosenbaum: near normal size.
Tim Sackton: Or me magic. There are
Tim Sackton: Steps there's, you know, the columns. There's like columns, maybe 4050 feet tall running and rows down the sides of this hall and there's enormous steps, maybe 10 feet. Each step itself about 10 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: Leading up
Tim Sackton: To the wide entrance
Tim Sackton: And as you stand around gazing you hear like
Tim Sackton: Tap. Tap.
Tim Sackton: Tap, tap, as something seems to be walking. Walking out at slowly out of the hall large footsteps and then something quieter tapping that large footstep and something quiet or tapping
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it daytime here, even though it was night where we were just where
Tim Sackton: It's daytime.
Eric Rosenbaum: What has happened.
Rev. David (he/him): It's a good trick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we know about giants to
Kate Sackton: Look,
Tim Sackton: Look in your you're on the Google
Eric Rosenbaum: Guy You should have some stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking
Eric Rosenbaum: Down the stairs. Can I see back into the tower that we were just in or no. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there's no tower there.
Tim Sackton: There's no Tower in there and there's just errors that lead into a tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's like a hole in the war in the fabric of reality.
Tim Sackton: Right, yeah.
Mike Sackton: But so like you could climb down off the mountain, but there's just like a stairway in the middle of nowhere, like in the
Mike Sackton: Ground. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's basically a stairway in the ground that goes down and looking down, you can see the walls of the hour. I mean, you can see the interior walls of the quarter in which the stairs, where it
Tim Sackton: And then you emerged instead of onto a floor of a tower on to the side of a mountain.
Mike Sackton: And it's like, no storm here.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a clear, sunny day clouds clouds below you. Your way high up in the sky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, where are we looking at a session in the in the folder for something about
Tim Sackton: You see,
Tim Sackton: There should be like a Kenzo
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll be right back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where rather than
Tim Sackton: Hold on, let me let me send it to you.
Tim Sackton: Come on, go.
Eric Rosenbaum: usually take a couple minute break.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let's take like a five minute break. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is straight up house moving capital castle.
Tim Sackton: Come on, why am I having so much trouble with this.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'm just sending on Slack Chat, or sorry, yeah. Zoom chat.
Tim Sackton: Here's the link
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what am I looking at I'm looking at the Kenzo doc.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here we go.
Tim Sackton: I'll be right back.
Tim Sackton: That's interesting.
Mike Sackton: How are you doing all that keep
Tim Sackton: New video filters in zoom has all these video filters now.
Kate Sackton: I can't get virtual background, but I can do video filter.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I have the new zoom
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, can you hear me now.
Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Microphones are not working.
Oh well.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a cat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cat.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a thing with both cats and dogs are always like, What are you eating.
Eric Rosenbaum: Happened with children to probably
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beating
Mike
Eric Rosenbaum: We just really jumped from
Eric Rosenbaum: puzzling and somewhat dangerous situation to thing that really clarified what's gone on totally just need to clear what's happening.
Kate Sackton: Clarifying for you.
Kate Sackton: Can we start exchanging
Kate Sackton: Giant tales from various cultures soon.
Tim Sackton: That's pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back in one second. But I'm here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so we're gonna kill some giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: The giants.
Mike Sackton: kill off but
Kate Sackton: Depending on what kind of giants, they are
Eric Rosenbaum: The small kinda
Eric Rosenbaum: Dwarf tunes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's true. I wonder if there are dwarf giants like giants that are dwarves and that's like more like human sighs
Eric Rosenbaum: Pencil that yeah
Tim Sackton: OK, so
Tim Sackton: Maybe have
Tim Sackton: I mean the footsteps are clearly coming towards you. Boom. Tap boom tap you have maybe a minute before whatever it is emerges from whatever this giant Hall is
Mike Sackton: The giant Hall is set on the mountain side like
Tim Sackton: The, the mount your or like a few maybe 300 feet below the summit of the mountain. The top the entire top of the mountain has been smooth into a giant
Tim Sackton: You know, many hundred square foot platform.
Tim Sackton: Like smooth taught you know smooth tile style.
Tim Sackton: And that belt rising onto the top of that platform is this, you know,
Tim Sackton: Giant sized Parthenon Great Hall basically or then going down to where you are, there are these enormous stairs carved each step of that 10 feet, and there's a short maybe hundred foot path that that's running
Tim Sackton: From where you are to the to the
Tim Sackton: To the, to the enormous stackers
Right.
Tim Sackton: You're sort of looking up towards the top of this mountain, not this enormous Hall. Some something with making large booming steps clearly emerging from it.
Tim Sackton: Is there anything done normal steps coming down.
Eric Rosenbaum: You please
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, there's like, you know, rocks string around. You could certainly try to hide among the though Rosalyn and boulders of the
Landscape here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Question should be hiding observe what's about to happen, whatever this is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Teams unluckily they know that we're here.
Rev. David (he/him): We should say hello.
Eric Rosenbaum: And our ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's the direct approach, but we can always retreat back into the tower right back into the that
Tim Sackton: Seems that way. I mean, you can see this, the stairs emerging from the ground just behind you.
Mike Sackton: Giants.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some kind of, you know, giant politics, some kind of giant
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: political intrigue.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: They're not the most
Mike Sackton: Trustworthy
Eric Rosenbaum: To my people giants are
Eric Rosenbaum: Friends and mentors even there's
Eric Rosenbaum: The source as far as we know, the
Eric Rosenbaum: The whole lineage of Veronica magic.
Kate Sackton: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: Not all Janet's. That's true.
Kate Sackton: We were comfortably underground and stumbled across the hearts of some
Kate Sackton: Forging giant
Kate Sackton: I say that's true. But I don't know mountain top giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like any other people. They have their own
Eric Rosenbaum: Complexity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So hide or a more direct approach.
Tim Sackton: prolly at this point I have 20 seconds to decide.
Kate Sackton: I'm hiding
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna hide. Okay, okay, the time
Rev. David (he/him): Go stay. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Well, everybody but
Tim Sackton: While we make a self.
Check.
Tim Sackton: So you don't need to make a spot check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 26
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Tim Sackton: Okay so dolla vanishes.
Tim Sackton: Kansas. I will see you seemingly vanishes.
Tim Sackton: Secret ducks behind a rock Brisbane also ducks behind a rock. But Miss judges the side of the rocket. You can see your shield poking around the corner, um,
Tim Sackton: Well be just stands there little flickers of lightning still running down his skin.
Tim Sackton: Oh, still um
And
Tim Sackton: As you see emerging out of the hall.
Tim Sackton: A giant maybe 25 feet tall. I'm flowing sort of purplish gray hair tie
Tim Sackton: Into a top not behind his head a trim beard of the same color gracing has dark gray face Marta only by the fact that he is missing. Both of his eyes.
Tim Sackton: He's dressed in a fine silk robe of like ridiculous proportions enormous silk robe obviously embroidered with gold thread. A man is
Tim Sackton: Tapping with a giant staff as he walks ahead, sort of, you know, bait tapping on the ground, feeling for the steps until he begins to walk down the steps and turns his face to kind of bask in the sun, briefly, and then comes to sit on the
Tim Sackton: Third on the second from bottom steps so close to the ground. I'm resting has back against the warms
Tim Sackton: Stone lays his, his large staff down on the steps. Next to him and just kind of puts his arms back and turns turns this face up to feel the sun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gemma, I saw slight this dude.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Ah.
Tim Sackton: So let's see.
Tim Sackton: A number of questions. I need to answer here. Um,
Tim Sackton: Hold on one sec.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He seems like a peaceable magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do giants have sold
Tim Sackton: Yes, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well be I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said to you telepathically that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It says to you, telepathically that he's calling contemplated and peaceful at the moment.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, good. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's not to disturb him.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh man, you should have lead with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoops.
Rev. David (he/him): Well he's already calling out to them and saying well bit older brother.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah,
Tim Sackton: OK, as, as you say that, um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Kenzie
Rev. David (he/him): Best not to disturb it.
Tim Sackton: As you yell out. Well, Matt older brother has what what do you language you say this one.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, I think I'm gonna start in halfway and then in common. And then I guess I have
Rev. David (he/him): A Marine some bar, and if no luck with either of those.
Tim Sackton: He, he seems to respond to comment and turns and looks at you.
Tim Sackton: Look in your direction, not being like sort of instinctively turning, turning his face.
Tim Sackton: I apologize, I cannot see who approaches Me.
Tim Sackton: Something seems to have happened to my eyes.
Tim Sackton: Are you here for omens or stories.
Rev. David (he/him): Stories.
Tim Sackton: I will happily trade towels.
Tim Sackton: Would you like to go first or shall I
Tim Sackton: A story for a story.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Know why don't you go first.
Tim Sackton: Says,
Tim Sackton: Very well.
Tim Sackton: A risky choice.
Tim Sackton: What sort of town. Would you like to hear
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the you could you could tell him one of our own parties adventures what something interesting that happened to us recently.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, ask him.
Rev. David (he/him): Tell me a story that hasn't happened yet.
Oh,
Tim Sackton: I could do that. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Are you sure you are willing to incur the debt that that will bring
Rev. David (he/him): You know, it's funny that you say that because you mentioned that particular thing. I'm not super clear on the terms of the arrangement here.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps you would like to go first.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, let's do it.
Tim Sackton: I will judge what you're what you're offering is worth
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Rev. David (he/him): To think about this.
Rev. David (he/him): You guys have any suggestions hope, hope, be well these storytelling brain right
Rev. David (he/him): Like I feel like something
Rev. David (he/him): Something interesting something brew feeling
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, to read it just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One page of Reddit something up there.
Mike Sackton: Now why the story of what we've been up to.
Eric Rosenbaum: The saga of the horses in a box.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Eric Rosenbaum: Ravens old right. Is that an interesting story that would even happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got in a bunch of fights the
Mike Sackton: Story arrangements.
Mike Sackton: For it was a Dwarf Fortress. And then it was taken over by
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: Some history, basically.
Mike Sackton: And you happen to have turned into a land where the the portal to some
Mike Sackton: Demon spot and a band of adventures destroyed the
Mike Sackton: You can be been all kinds of things.
Rev. David (he/him): I love it. I'll I'm
Rev. David (he/him): Nice. So I'll, I'll introduce
Rev. David (he/him): Introduce it by saying
Rev. David (he/him): You know, this is a this is a story that happens over and over again.
Rev. David (he/him): Until the tell the story of everything we know about what happened at Raven's hold from the end of the fourth age onwards with
Rev. David (he/him): Particular
Rev. David (he/him): But detail just what happened and try to spin that into like as as poetic of them either. So I can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You wanna, you want to weave in electrical storm and then explain how you got here.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a decent story.
Rev. David (he/him): This is a good first story.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean we just saw the stone carving of Annapolis giant can
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so this clearly that, you know,
Tim Sackton: Listens he listened intently as as as you begin to talk
Tim Sackton: And particularly seems to focus on, on, you know, some details, especially the
Tim Sackton: Fact that you describe it as a done Mari for. Can you talk about the the wars between the done that done Mario and the hob goblins
Tim Sackton: And he he sort of pauses for a moment and says,
Tim Sackton: You either speak.
Tim Sackton: Of the distant past or the future.
Tim Sackton: I am
Tim Sackton: Familiar with many things, but not the done, Marty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not the 10 Mari
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, yeah, I'll ask him, then I'll ask Kim.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you know the story of when signify the dragon.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I need to
Tim Sackton: When was that supposed to happen. I mean just sorry I need to pull up your notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Denmark traveled from the south about 500 years ago.
Rev. David (he/him): This is a story from after the fall of the drink Kareena empire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is about 600 years ago.
Tim Sackton: He says seven
Tim Sackton: The story of cigar and the dragon.
Tim Sackton: You speak in riddles, my friend. I know a
Tim Sackton: Young giant names Sega yes prefers the deep ocean floors.
Tim Sackton: A dragon.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: You must desire some
Tim Sackton: extremely valuable stories to be bringing me these unusual tales.
Rev. David (he/him): Indeed,
Rev. David (he/him): Do you have the ending of the Third Age.
Tim Sackton: Ah. So you mean the end, not the war was the ending the year the age before that. Is that what you're getting at.
Rev. David (he/him): Her which
Rev. David (he/him): Which he ended with
Tim Sackton: Well,
Tim Sackton: In high school, we called the war with the Shema at the end of the third age but
Mike Sackton: It's actually
Tim Sackton: A RE. RE format of that. So, not to use like ages. Exactly. Cuz only Alice really thinking ages.
Tim Sackton: So you mean the Great War.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah yeah yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, you could also ask them about the end of our current age current age.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's not a bad man asked the story of the Great War.
Tim Sackton: And the battle with the
Dragon
Tim Sackton: No you speaking
Tim Sackton: To us to our you
Rev. David (he/him): Have come through a door from the future.
Tim Sackton: Such a thing as not possible.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, you know, this morning I would have agreed.
Mike Sackton: Wait, can we all talk telepathically to wealthy.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna
Tim Sackton: So technically, I guess we never really sort of that out.
Tim Sackton: I think you can respond to him, but you can't initiate telepathic messages.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right now we're just whispering
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can't group chat. We can't group chat will
Mike Sackton: Have a breakout room.
Tim Sackton: While we can only
Tim Sackton: communicate telepathically with one person at a time.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's check in with each of you, in turn, though, like
Rev. David (he/him): You know,
Mike Sackton: Ask, I'm gonna respond asked him if he knows the tale of the downfall of car.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you know the story of the downfall of a car.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's like 2000 years ago.
Tim Sackton: Is that what you would like to hear an exchange for these
Tim Sackton: Mysteries, you have brought me. That is indeed a valuable tell
Tim Sackton: Us pieces of that.
Rev. David (he/him): With respect to elder brother I
Rev. David (he/him): Mostly just trying to figure out what year it is here.
Tim Sackton: what year it is. Well, that I can give away for nothing at all.
Tim Sackton: Ah, oh wait, except now I need to find the might know
Tim Sackton: That one open
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since I'm kind of with Kate on taking omens over stories, but maybe we can get some omens out of them to
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean, he wait if you were asking for testing for future
Kate Sackton: Men.
Eric Rosenbaum: approximately negative 600 grand Korean era.
Tim Sackton: Cat Google Docs is like super slow to load for some reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your computer, man.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Zoom is like consuming when doing all these things with zoom it consumes too much away. I think I have my notes in one note.
Tim Sackton: Here I drew thing is
Tim Sackton: super slow. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: drew the bus to the islands giant
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's cool.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the crown and everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should put those in the stash of the session notes, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just take a little picture with your phone and then just just just drop it into the Google Drive or
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that'd be cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should, you should just definitely do that. That's sweet.
Tim Sackton: So okay, so
Tim Sackton: The year I could have that is that will cost you nothing I can give that information, information away for free. It is the
Tim Sackton: 5000 5030 first year of this world.
Tim Sackton: 5031
Eric Rosenbaum: By whose reckoning.
Tim Sackton: By that true racking of time.
Mike Sackton: Do I have any
Mike Sackton: Idea what
Rev. David (he/him): Year. That actually is.
Tim Sackton: One other time. What I reckon.
Eric Rosenbaum: It sounds like it's on the dwarf and reckoning.
Tim Sackton: Any ideas.
Tim Sackton: Ah, no, you don't have any ideas. Um, I mean 5000 years from the that would be if you know he's counting from the end of the age of creation, you'd be thinking sort of
Tim Sackton: Middle of the
Tim Sackton: The what used to be the third age and has now the unnamed age unnamed fourth age so like HBO before this one by Alvin reckoning.
Eric Rosenbaum: It will be
Eric Rosenbaum: More fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: reckoning. Oh, sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go ahead. That would be just before the first plague by 100 and some odd years
Eric Rosenbaum: So you could ask if there's ever been a plague, but that might not be unanswerable question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Drink coffee drink or false.
Eric Rosenbaum: The done Mari clean done more later.
Rev. David (he/him): Do any of us know anything about like rules of giant story today.
Tim Sackton: No, absolutely nothing.
Mike Sackton: We have any idea what kind of giant assists
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean,
Tim Sackton: Judging by size and appearance, probably a storm giant or a cloud giant one of the bigger mountainous dwelling, certainly not one of the underground giants. The fire giants are the
Tim Sackton: Are the stone giants.
Tim Sackton: Not, you know, the sort of more brutish and uncivilized Hill giant for sure, based on the way he's acting, probably not. The more warlike frost giants.
Tim Sackton: Space, just based on appearance and demeanor.
Mike Sackton: None of this makes any sense.
Tim Sackton: So I have given you the year speaker.
Tim Sackton: You have told me stories of great value.
Tim Sackton: What, man. I tell you to relieve the stat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will be he could tell us his story of how he lost his eyes or
Mike Sackton: About the story of Agatha just mother.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe hasn't been born
Mike Sackton: So what
Rev. David (he/him): I'll ask, do you know the story of I gotta, I gotta dust mother.
Tim Sackton: Do you not know this name.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we lost his eyes might be relevant.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait.
Kate Sackton: For other eilis giants.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait. But let's hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're currently on a mountainside nominally teleported through some tower that's in the middle of a lightning storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That appears to have some trends time properties.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe, and there's a storm that's trapped inside the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's probably not an accident that the top floor of the tower is connected here specifically to this giant so maybe the giant knows something about the storm and like the tower and the whole fucking situation we're in.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's interesting. If you could describe the tower and see if he finds it
Eric Rosenbaum: Familiar that might lie in his future though that's the problem.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or about storms, like trapped storms and storms and, you know,
Rev. David (he/him): I'll say
Rev. David (he/him): Elder brother. I don't know if this counts as a story or an omen.
Rev. David (he/him): But
Rev. David (he/him): I come to this place in this moment.
Rev. David (he/him): From a tower, whereas storm was imprisoned in one spot.
Rev. David (he/him): Going to describe the tower and the ship of rock sticking up and all of that and say,
Rev. David (he/him): And I wonder whether to let it free and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You may want to include the detail to the fact that there's a bust of him inside the tower.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: As you begin describing, especially as you describe the tower.
Tim Sackton: The color begins to drain from his face.
Tim Sackton: And he says,
Tim Sackton: You ask details.
Tim Sackton: Of my life.
Tim Sackton: Which is a great value, indeed, but what you have brought me in is worth much an exchange.
Tim Sackton: But you speak in riddles, little one.
Tim Sackton: I know this tower. Well, yes.
Tim Sackton: I have
Tim Sackton: Been a storm once there.
Tim Sackton: I was the storm passing through. I remember this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Tim Sackton: Why can I not see
Tim Sackton: Any positives from a man
Tim Sackton: In the story, lived in this tower lives lived lives lives.
Tim Sackton: Yes. In this tower.
Tim Sackton: You confuse me in this tower lives.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: Wizard.
Tim Sackton: You don't miss is his name.
Tim Sackton: The Tower itself is not in his construction. No, nor the rock the rock, far, far older than any of you.
Tim Sackton: And me, even the tower built, but the elves in this place of strong magic.
Tim Sackton: But you don't mess lives there now.
Tim Sackton: And he brings me omens, he brings me stories and I have visited him.
Tim Sackton: And we have talked
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: And he
Tim Sackton: He pauses. Again, I
Tim Sackton: Where are my. Why can I not see
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: I remember the tower. I remember
Tim Sackton: He
Tim Sackton: And he's like, stammering a little bit
Tim Sackton: I was a storm. Once I traveled across the plains.
Tim Sackton: I spoke to you. Don't miss many times
Tim Sackton: And he starts again.
Tim Sackton: I am us any pauses and then he starts again. I am a storm. I was it
Tim Sackton: Who are you, little one.
Tim Sackton: Where are you from,
Tim Sackton: Why can I not find my eyes.
Rev. David (he/him): You know when I'm looking for something, it's helpful to think about the last place that I knew where they were.
Tim Sackton: You don't miss told me he had
Tim Sackton: A great Omen to exchange.
Tim Sackton: He had
Tim Sackton: something of value for my collection, and I should visit him.
Tim Sackton: He said,
Tim Sackton: I would want to sit here and I would share something of great value. He needed in return.
Tim Sackton: And I traveled the fastest way I know how.
Tim Sackton: flying across the plains as the wind, seeing the cities of the empire below me.
Tim Sackton: Occasional rain and lightning my amusements as I flashed through the sky.
Tim Sackton: And I
Tim Sackton: And I could see, as I always can
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Then he shakes his head.
Tim Sackton: And I cannot remember what he traded me
Tim Sackton: Or what the omen is that
Tim Sackton: He wanted to know.
Tim Sackton: I know that
Tim Sackton: Something what's. Why can I not
Tim Sackton: I cannot. I don't know.
Tim Sackton: I can see the tower clearly below me.
Tim Sackton: And how did I get here.
Tim Sackton: Are you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well be you could ask him where he where we are right now where is this mountain. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Where are we now,
Tim Sackton: This is my home, of course.
But
Rev. David (he/him): Was there a stairway from the tower to your home.
Rev. David (he/him): That
Tim Sackton: There is no such thing.
Rev. David (he/him): I came out.
Tim Sackton: Can you make Perception checks.
Kate Sackton: Receive, you're probably agitating this pearl giant just let it lie in the sunshine.
Rev. David (he/him): You know already, we can clearly perceive the way out.
I'm trying
Tim Sackton: He's, he's seen stress for a moment.
Tim Sackton: Can I sent you a message.
Tim Sackton: There is no tower.
Tim Sackton: Where did you come from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: You can tell them the year the current year. But we're in reckoning, which is
Eric Rosenbaum: Roughly 5881
Kate Sackton: Despite giants. Dr. The dwarfs.
Kate Sackton: He may be the one we're trying to help. I don't know if he can help us, help him.
Rev. David (he/him): What do you guys look like
Rev. David (he/him): They're just kind of like regular old I, sir.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's interesting question.
Rev. David (he/him): Cuz I can go take a look on the tower, you know,
Maybe this wizard took them.
Tim Sackton: What do my eyes.
Tim Sackton: Look like
Tim Sackton: What to anyone's eyes look like they look like
Tim Sackton: Eyes, they are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What color is
Purple.
I
Tim Sackton: Whereas you don't miss, I would have words with him.
Tim Sackton: Something is something has happened, somehow.
Tim Sackton: How did I
Tim Sackton: How did I get
Tim Sackton: Here.
Tim Sackton: And where did you come from.
Rev. David (he/him): There's, there's a hole through time and space we came to that. But the question is,
Rev. David (he/him): If we're gonna go back into the tower again to try and find your eyes. That's how you
Rev. David (he/him): Look how are the number one problem is not getting fried by lightning. Oh, awesome. I've got some friends for helping me with this. And so my question for you is, you know, that's something you can help us out with to somehow protect us from that as we go looking for your eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good one.
Rev. David (he/him): I know that's a lot to lay on you all at once.
Tim Sackton: He pauses, for a moment, and then
Tim Sackton: sort of sits down, you know, is already sitting down and he's been sort of, you know, setting up a little bit and and sort of turning it and looking at you and
Tim Sackton: You know, as you've been having this this
Tim Sackton: This conversation.
Tim Sackton: And he just, he just turns and
Tim Sackton: He looks like he's trying to
Tim Sackton: You know he's trying. He's concentrating on something he's trying to to to do something.
Tim Sackton: Exactly what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep, I continue. So setting him right the whole time that way.
Tim Sackton: Okay, um,
Tim Sackton: You know exactly what is is unclear.
Tim Sackton: And he looks
Tim Sackton: He looks concerned.
Kate Sackton: He's like hearing. Excellent. Like, can I whispered anybody else. Well, he's around or is he just gonna hear everything that we discuss
Tim Sackton: I mean his not super close
Tim Sackton: Right, right. He's sitting on the steps you're like 100 feet away. Well, bees talking in a relatively loud voice, probably you could whisper.
Tim Sackton: without too much trouble.
Kate Sackton: Feel like we might not have left the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Oh,
Kate Sackton: We might be in
Kate Sackton: Memory or something because I thought I saw marble floor for a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: How very interesting
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to look around and explore it just the
Eric Rosenbaum: sanity check on local geology, like is it look like we're in a dream or like this is an actual mountain
Tim Sackton: And looks like an actual mountain. I mean, it's
Tim Sackton: Clearly a mountain right you're looking at what seems like
Tim Sackton: You know, stone your those clouds below you get sort of hazy, you can't really see anything down below, and there's like boulders you're hiding behind and the steps going up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well he's he's trapped here right now probably this is him where he's still trapped in the tower right now.
Mike Sackton: This does his does he sound at all like the voice that
Their yard.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: Sore. Yeah. Uh, yes. I mean,
Tim Sackton: To the extent to which you can tell giant
Tim Sackton: Voices apart. Um, he certainly sounds. I mean, that is a loud booming voice, there's, you know,
Tim Sackton: Whether it's the same person is a little bit hard to judge
Tim Sackton: Or if it's the same person. But, you know, in a different mood. It's definitely sounds similar
Mike Sackton: That the person I talked to knew who I get the desk.
Tim Sackton: Oh yes, that is true. A
Kate Sackton: Person you talk to him been with like the future version of himself, not necessarily this
Kate Sackton: Man, I'm version of themselves.
Tim Sackton: And as you are. So he's still concentrating on something and you were asking about the lightning and he says I and now he looks. He looks
Tim Sackton: Terrified.
Tim Sackton: I cannot find this dorm.
Rev. David (he/him): I think you're imprisoned right now.
Rev. David (he/him): How would you leave, if you wanted to leave this place.
Tim Sackton: He pauses for a moment and sort of looks around and
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: Don't know.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the Leyland situation here.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: There are three ley lines converging on a point directly below you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Rev. David (he/him): How big is the stairwell. If we reduced in size by half.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I probably would be a tight squeeze, but he would fit.
Rev. David (he/him): You will be with us.
Tim Sackton: He looks and he still looks confused and he says,
Tim Sackton: That there aren't show me the stairs, I do not. Well, I cannot see anything.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, come on over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, well, the at this point, maybe you should explain that we're here to we may we may as well reveal ourselves.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, my buddies are up there a little worried about eating because there's a lot of stereotypes about giants.
Tim Sackton: He picks up his his his staff and sort of walks down the steps slightly awkwardly like tapping the the ground.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: And walks forward and is sort of tapping
Tim Sackton: As he walks and just keeps keeps walking towards you.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Hold on one sec. Where's my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But maybe while the introduces us and we
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We walk out. So he's not alarmed as he walks towards
Okay.
Tim Sackton: So while I'll be sort of introduces you all, any, any begins to walk towards you tapping with his staff, um, you know, as he is coming down the steps.
Tim Sackton: Let's see. Sorry, I'm waiting for something to load.
Tim Sackton: Do you guys all have your. Can you tell me what your passive perceptions are
Rev. David (he/him): 1316
Eric Rosenbaum: I know
Mike Sackton: It's been your character that says
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Under what
Mike Sackton: Senses on the left hand side beneath your soldiers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1213, Oh, Pastor perception yeah 1314
Tim Sackton: I'm sending a message shorts. Ah.
Tim Sackton: So he's walking towards you.
Tim Sackton: And he says he sort of looks down as you seem to be directly below him and he says lead me to the stairs that you claim exist here.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, can I just check if you're solid first because your staff just went through the rocks over there. I'm gonna come over and see if I can grab this stuff to lead up to the stairs, but
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can grab a staff. He says,
Tim Sackton: I do not feel any rocks.
Rev. David (he/him): What do you feel underfoot.
Tim Sackton: He's pauses for a moment and he like sits down slightly, and he says,
Tim Sackton: Where am I
Tim Sackton: Does not
Tim Sackton: Feel like the mountains of my home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you're in the top floor of this tower.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just Kansas speaking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Big Brother.
Tim Sackton: Any
Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Rev. David (he/him): I was gonna say we should have them like kneel down and like we can grab like each grab a finger at sort of put his hand on the entrance downwards.
Tim Sackton: He so he starts to like Neil slightly, and he's like, yeah, he's like feeling around. Um, and then
Tim Sackton: His look he's sort of
Tim Sackton: puzzling. You know, this is something is wrong. Something is um
Tim Sackton: He is sort of looking at you all in sort of realization is dawning that
Tim Sackton: Something seems wrong to him.
Tim Sackton: And as he sort of gets closer to the ground and
Tim Sackton: starts moving. Suddenly his hand. Just like freezes and you feel a chain around his rest.
Huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're a capital here, brother.
Tim Sackton: Where am I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The tower.
Tim Sackton: Don't mess.
Tim Sackton: That bastard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does he look like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can you tell us, have you done this.
Tim Sackton: He is a
Tim Sackton: A wizard have drank or
Tim Sackton: He
Tim Sackton: He was old is old was old.
Tim Sackton: When I knew him when I do, I still know him. Is he alive. What
Tim Sackton: When is it
Kate Sackton: We don't know.
Kate Sackton: Frankly,
Kate Sackton: The when of the tower may be different from the one
Kate Sackton: That we came to the tower from and from the when we're speaking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is your name, brother.
Tim Sackton: My name is
Tim Sackton: Fraga
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rock our
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Time is a very confusing concept where we are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where we came from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What, what's the, what's the, what's the calendar or what do we say is, is year
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: According to dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, in our the year on our timeline of the door of and reckoning is 5881
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what about for elves Dwarves and elves. Y'all are old, what's, what's the elven timeline.
Good to know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Alex don't really count the years. I mean, I would know. I mean, do we, was there an Elvis. There is an Elvis time
Tim Sackton: Well, yes, but you are
Tim Sackton: somewhat uncertain as to that having
Yes.
Tim Sackton: Missed a chunk of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Limit
Tim Sackton: And only talk to humans, since you've returned or non the House since he returned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but Adele, it knows how many years it's been since he was trapped based on, you know, hanging out with us right
Mike Sackton: Now, but I, yeah, Tim. It's easy to calculate how many years it was from
Mike Sackton: The following. I mean off by a year to maybe eight but
Tim Sackton: Right, right, right. But you don't. But as don't wreck it as don't. There's no like else don't like bother to keep track of the number of years that I passed since x event right like it's all kind of like they keep track of larger
Tim Sackton: Larger cycles of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But my point. Tim is to try to communicate with our new friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, what what the time it is that we think it is in a dwarf ish and Elvis standing so that he's got some
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know,
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, it's, it's also 1748 drink Korean era.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So badar
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where, where we came from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe we believe the time to be, you know, and then we
Mike Sackton: Say Korea timeline.
Mike Sackton: He would, in theory, now
Eric Rosenbaum: It's older you are,
Mike Sackton: Now because he wizard was a drink Korean wizard. Right.
Tim Sackton: He, he sort of closes his eyes and his like he puts his hand on his head and he says no.
Tim Sackton: No, that is
Tim Sackton: That is too far in the future that is no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the regard this is, as I told, as I said, this tower this tower has strange, strange, a strange relationship with time. When we came to the center of the lightning storm where this tower sits now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We, we also do not know what the time is this book, The stars, the constellations have changed since what we what we know.
Tim Sackton: This there is
Tim Sackton: A need like he's like trying now he's kneeling, and he's trying to stand and you can see his arm is like the one that has the chain is slowly being sort of pulled behind him sort of towards the garage and he begins to
Tim Sackton: Against as well, sort of fall backwards against the the ground of the mountain is
Tim Sackton: Great like grits his teeth. I
Tim Sackton: cannot feel this dorm.
Tim Sackton: Could it
Tim Sackton: Could it be 900 years
Tim Sackton: He says, almost himself.
Tim Sackton: The omens were bad. Yes, but
Tim Sackton: And then his arm slams into the mountain behind him, and you can see the chain now like visibly appear holding his arm back and he's sort of kneeling with one arm behind his back like this.
Tim Sackton: kneeling on on one
Tim Sackton: Hand and are sort of kneeling on Wednesday, and you see forming around the other arm.
Tim Sackton: Another chain and he says,
He's like
Tim Sackton: Straining against the name says
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: I want to stay here.
Tim Sackton: This is
Tim Sackton: My home. This is
Tim Sackton: I do you not want to go back and the arm other arms slams back against the
Tim Sackton: Side of the mountain and he's pulled back so like he's chained to the floor. Basically, with his arms behind his head.
Rev. David (he/him): And no your hope is waiting for you out there.
Tim Sackton: And as he as his head lays to rest on the tower.
Tim Sackton: He closes his eyes.
Tim Sackton: And a fly.
Tim Sackton: Escapes his lips.
Tim Sackton: And the mountain vanishes.
Tim Sackton: And you are standing on the top floor of the tower.
Tim Sackton: A giant same appearance change to the floor.
Tim Sackton: Missing his eyes, his robes tattered and in shreds.
Tim Sackton: The his hair and beard.
Tim Sackton: Raggedy ragged
Tim Sackton: The tower. The, the floor around you. The ceiling above cracked open to the sky and
Tim Sackton: What was perhaps once up a sculpture garden or some sort of beautiful and calm place to watch the stars is now in ruins with pieces of statuary
Tim Sackton: Scattered
Tim Sackton: Across
Tim Sackton: And the class has had to look at you and he says,
Tim Sackton: In a sort of deep rumbling voice now sounding exactly as the voice. You remember speaking to you dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Why did you make me come back.
Rev. David (he/him): To set you free.
Tim Sackton: To set me free.
Tim Sackton: A noble goal. Yes.
Tim Sackton: When I'm not sure.
Tim Sackton: You any sort of sneers slightly could achieve
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, that's fair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us more about you don't us
Tim Sackton: He is
Tim Sackton: He
Tim Sackton: Well,
Tim Sackton: He did have good reasons for doing what he
Tim Sackton: So easily accomplished.
Tim Sackton: He was strong so strong.
Tim Sackton: But not in favor with the new high Emperor of drank or
Tim Sackton: Who had
Tim Sackton: recently come to power.
Tim Sackton: He believed that much death and destruction would follow upon the actions of this emperor.
Tim Sackton: Whether he wanted to stop it or profit from it was never quite clear, but
Tim Sackton: I believe in his heart, he truly did want it to end.
Tim Sackton: He promised me
Tim Sackton: A great omen.
Tim Sackton: In exchange, he wanted knowledge of what would come next of the spreading mists
Tim Sackton: Coughing blood, the evil that these that would soon take the emperor empire.
Tim Sackton: Whether he wanted to escape.
Tim Sackton: Save something I do not know.
Tim Sackton: I believe
Tim Sackton: He thought somehow
Tim Sackton: My power could be used against a poly on the emperor.
Tim Sackton: Any
Tim Sackton: Device devised a way to hold me here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why would you want to hold you here.
Tim Sackton: I lay
That I do not know.
Tim Sackton: Except to draw upon the power of the storm to protect his tower.
Tim Sackton: To protect the knowledge that him.
Tim Sackton: And the call to lead them had had acquired a dread omens of the fall of empire.
Tim Sackton: To keep those those evils away to establish an island of safety, perhaps
Tim Sackton: Perhaps he could have done this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is you done as human
Tim Sackton: He was yes.
Tim Sackton: That was
Tim Sackton: Many years ago now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did you last speak with him.
Tim Sackton: Do you not know exactly the years I have been trapped here.
Tim Sackton: I only a while.
Tim Sackton: Ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that timing makes sense for when this weird electrical storm appeared
Tim Sackton: Tim Yeah, roughly, I'm interesting. I mean, you heard rumors of it when you were back in Kerala.
Tim Sackton: Which would have been like a week you know about a week ago, a little more than a week ago and those rumors would have had to have take, you know, I had take time to spread. Right. So a month off is not implausible.
Rev. David (he/him): What woke you up.
Tim Sackton: Somebody took my eyes.
Rev. David (he/him): Off the statue downstairs.
Tim Sackton: I cannot see.
Tim Sackton: Was that missing eyes.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah look like you
Tim Sackton: Perhaps, yes. Done.
Mike Sackton: That's about the time that the dead body was from right
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David (he/him): So conceivably the charge on the end adventures could have come in stone. The eyes will come up had one of them killed by him on the way out one way or another.
Rev. David (he/him): And restarted the whirlwind in the process.
Yep.
Kate Sackton: The tower with somehow here without a storm.
Kate Sackton: They got in easily
Kate Sackton: And then make triggered the storm.
Kate Sackton: Were to come in through the storm and go out the storm.
Rev. David (he/him): That's fair question.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what about all those rooms all around.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, right. The room circle that we saw in the store.
Tim Sackton: There was so there were a norm door giant ravens like three feet tall, but also in the giant language which
Tim Sackton: Seeker and down with tried to understand and and receive different messages, one of which seemed to be
Tim Sackton: Asking seeker for you know what he wanted to know.
Tim Sackton: The other of which seemed to be
Tim Sackton: Helping them.
Tim Sackton: Down with to go kill people, specifically the dwarf next to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or happy, perhaps because of recent bad experiences with people seeking knowledge.
Eric Rosenbaum: So then could mean that there's a party of turd unions out they're carrying to 10
Mike Sackton: Seconds is probably from the great library.
Mike Sackton: Or whatever it's called the order, the order of the
Tim Sackton: Society of the open scroll. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ironically named
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Opens for all
Mike Sackton: Seems like the kind of thing they steal
Right.
Kate Sackton: Well, if we can't help them without its eyes.
Kate Sackton: And that's a problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I always knew I had to go back to chart and
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean they're an open society, we should just be able to get ourselves a library card and check them back out again.
Kate Sackton: That's how
Mike Sackton: So presumably the iron sphere is what captured him. I'll just
Tim Sackton: I would be your surmise yes
Mike Sackton: Me. I'll describe it to him. Does he know what
Kate Sackton: Sound wizard.
Mike Sackton: Giants though things
Mike Sackton: It was during Korean. Right, right.
Tim Sackton: Yes, it was during Korean
Tim Sackton: That could be something that could be something you don't miss would concoct yes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
Rev. David (he/him): Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now you, good, good.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, if you don't miss gathered these, like, what were you saying God like some horrible something and he brought it here and he captured you in order to keep it safe.
Mike Sackton: And now he was trying to find out what was going on with the plague that destroyed drank or remember the whole red mist.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that like
Tim Sackton: You don't miss wanted
Tim Sackton: Information wanted an omen, and was going to trade for with him. And that's right lured him here. That's what he said. And then
Mike Sackton: He actually trapped
Tim Sackton: Trapped him.
Tim Sackton: In order to intentionally because he
Tim Sackton: You don't miss was scared of what was coming next for the empire.
Tim Sackton: And wanted to
Tim Sackton: Protect himself, which
Mike Sackton: There's no evidence. You don't miss is still alive.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: None that you see now.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you saw library with a handful of books left, but it was not like wasn't somebody was living there. Right. I mean, you only had a brief glance before you ran from the lightning, but
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It clearly wasn't a place that and the bottom floor. We had been trashed for quite some time.
Tim Sackton: You didn't go in there was the third, the second floor had
Tim Sackton: You know, had, you know, a quarter with doors on either side, which you didn't go into but
Tim Sackton: Again wasn't up not not nowhere where you were in the tower seemed like it somewhere that was well they've done.
Kate Sackton: So is the storm giant bipolar and sometimes he's lightning that chases people away from the tower and sometimes he's a talkative.
Kate Sackton: Embodied tower entity.
Mike Sackton: That
Kate Sackton: I think nation.
Kate Sackton: Or is you don't Mrs spirit. This the electrical entity.
Kate Sackton: Can you do miss exist as like a electrical spirit.
Mike Sackton: I think the storm giants bipolar.
Mike Sackton: But maybe he's in more in control. Now,
Rev. David (he/him): Well, it says, Hey, why don't we go look for your eyes to the rest of building, see if they're around like if they're under chair or something. And then if you know whether we find them or not. Well, we'll come back and check in, but like, while we do that don't kill us.
Tim Sackton: He says,
Tim Sackton: If you do so, hurry.
Tim Sackton: I am not sure how long I can any, like, Grant. He like grits his teeth and says,
Tim Sackton: I am not sure long how long I can
Tim Sackton: Keep this
Tim Sackton: Mind clear
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything we can share with you. Do you need food, water,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything we can provide for you.
Tim Sackton: I need my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will they
Tim Sackton: Make these bonds. If I could just see them.
Kate Sackton: If we break the bonds for you, would you be trapped without eyes forever.
Tim Sackton: If you could break the bonds, I would be free.
Mike Sackton: But I don't think it's as easy as just breaking the bonds.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I meant shatter the loop thing that
Kate Sackton: Was about money to smash for a while.
Mike Sackton: We could try that.
Mike Sackton: But some
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's hit the library quickly first
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on, I wanted to ask him another question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I forgot my question, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If this tower has been here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For at least 1000 years and you don't us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe long dead.
Tim Sackton: This tower is
Tim Sackton: Far more than 1000 years old.
What is this tower.
Tim Sackton: This place was constructed by elves.
Tim Sackton: In the
Tim Sackton: far distant echoes of the past when they
Tim Sackton: Ruled the land.
Tim Sackton: You don't miss was simply an occupier
Mike Sackton: I think we should take the opportunity to search the tower.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, quickly.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and to try to break the iron ball off its pedestal and
Mike Sackton: Destroy it. See if that helps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I cast heat middle on it and then resume and hits it with a hammer, it'll pop right out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: My hammer
Tim Sackton: If you can deal with a ladder guardian perhaps
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let's just pause here, we probably have like half an hour before we need to feed her children.
Tim Sackton: What are, how are people feeling in terms of timing.
Rev. David (he/him): I think this is a good puzzling point
Tim Sackton: Yes, be a reasonable place to stop.
Yes. Great. That's perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): What are we playing next
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's figure it question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So on. So first off, thanks guys for being flexible with timing, given my current
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of situation. So shorts. I was giving everybody sort of the update on my mom's ass and everything earlier but my mom surgery is on the 29th.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And after that, like I like honestly for her recovery supposed to be like six to eight weeks, you know, and you know I'm basically going to be out here in California during for the next couple months at least
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm I'm but like after the surgery is over. It's kinda. I'm like, pretty flexible honestly like this timing is pretty good, but actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like if my mom's recovery is like good and like things look well then you know our old the end time also will be totally fine. Actually, right. And so, but I think for the next one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we did similar time as this, that could be good. And then after that, I think I could potentially go back to just our standard playing times
Tim Sackton: So what are we looking at in terms of when
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm like, not doing anything. Anytime.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like sitting in my my sister's house.
Tim Sackton: Right. I mean, I think.
Tim Sackton: I think the main constraint is
Tim Sackton: Probably Mike and Schwartz.
Because
Tim Sackton: How often me
Tim Sackton: Sorry, go ahead.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm sorry I keep talking over you, um,
Tim Sackton: How often Kate and I are happy to let our children just play iPad games all afternoon but
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David (he/him): Car she outpatient or isn't she, in the hospital for a few days, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just, just one day. Yeah. I mean, that's part of what's amazing to the surgery for for most women when they get the surgery there they're out the same day. Actually, but that we may be keeping my mom for an extra night of observation. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, but like the week like a week you know I can do, you know, a week from now, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, the first, second, third,
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, any of those for me also.
Mike Sackton: I mean that that's just a little harder for me just from a afternoons are harder for me in general just from an abandoning my family standpoint.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, we could you know we could try to do an evening one, I think that probably would be okay um
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean, I could do an afternoon, just not next weekend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I don't know. I'm I'm sort of excited to play again because we're adding another cliffhanger but
Yeah, I don't want
Tim Sackton: People too much right so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of this out of this. I mean, Mike, would it with an evening, Friday, Saturday or Sunday on the first, second, or third work better.
Mike Sackton: Um,
Rev. David (he/him): But
Mike Sackton: Maybe with me, I'd have to dr data.
Mike Sackton: I maybe not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So next weekend stuff for you. Enjoy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, this is just
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, let me. Why don't. What about the week. I mean, the ninth and 10th should be fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not doing today.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's, I mean, that's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, cool.
Tim Sackton: The afternoon. I mean, how does that, how does that work for use words to do afternoons on a weekend. Once you're. I don't know how much time do you have to sort of
Tim Sackton: I mean, at some point.
Rev. David (he/him): Sooner rather than evenings what what time let's
Tim Sackton: Say the same time on the 19th
Rev. David (he/him): It's not great for me, actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I think like, by that time, you know, like I should know by basically next week, like, a week from now. I should have a strong sense of like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My mom's in recovery to like standard times are probably going to be a little bit weird or anyways because she'll just be, you know, she may be feeling better or worse at different times. So it's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like shorts are you free at all or yeah I guess it sounds like if Mike is busy. The next weekend and it would be the weekend of the 910 so i'm i'm flexible guys, whatever you guys want whatever timing works on the 910 should be fine. Maybe
Kate Sackton: Tentatively plan for a normal time on the ninth.
Kate Sackton: And a late night.
Tim Sackton: East Coast or Friday night is probably
Tim Sackton: Best if we're doing an evening Friday nights, presumably best for sports.
Rev. David (he/him): Right, it's the ninth works, but the 10th. I'm actually the service of the 10th is this question about service. We do it live on zoom and people just asked me questions on the spot. So like probably better to get a good night's sleep.
Rev. David (he/him): The night before that one.
Rev. David (he/him): He says Defense Service each year.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a nine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow. The eighth works.
Rev. David (he/him): Is good
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Okay. Tonight the evening time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Usual kind of 8pm start
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Time start
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: He 30
Kate Sackton: Except for that. It's also five
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna smash that are involved.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On those eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna find those guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're going to chart in is what we're doing. The fuck with some open scroll society if you've left stole giant is
Mike Sackton: As you say, We're totally not going to find the eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we're definitely going to charge
Mike Sackton: Also, we can't just abandon the poor done Mari
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think they're connected because probably to like fix the Denmark situation we have to
Mike Sackton: Add this is totally a side quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the deal. You think the southwest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Oh, interesting. This storm had nothing to do with all the rest of this stuff.
Mike Sackton: Except I think the giant if we free I'm getting like tell us all kinds of things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the giants are dude. We were yeah he's he's gonna join our party.
Eric Rosenbaum: He could likes
Rev. David (he/him): Suspicious of charge audience, though, like all of this started happening when they started poking around in the frontier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah curtain is like the open scroll people there. There's some fuckers.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're missing the things that shouldn't be messed with that's our
Mike Sackton: Job. That is definitely true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you free. Are you free next weekend should be acted upon.
Rev. David (he/him): I would love to do. Um,
Rev. David (he/him): I would love to.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes. What timing what what works. It's about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Saturday, Sunday next week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First thing in there. I'm pretty I'm showing
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm doing a lot of
Eric Rosenbaum: Being at my house, like always. During that time, so
Tim Sackton: If we're gonna do it. That may, if we're going to do a little punk in the afternoon. Let me talk to Kate to see
Tim Sackton: Well, she's right there. Obviously, but
Tim Sackton: Day as
Rev. David (he/him): Well, but
Rev. David (he/him): You don't put her on the spot for, like, Oh, hell no.
Tim Sackton: You can play cuckoo funk.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: New all we can
Kate Sackton: Do is, is that
Tim Sackton: I'm just saying let's
Rev. David (he/him): Let's see what
Tim Sackton: Let's work on up to Alexandria on Monday, and we're coming back Thursday. And then I know Sunday's not going to be good because the kids at school the next day and I have work and
Tim Sackton: Sort of it, but either friday or saturday should be fine. Let me, let me just figure out what the best day as well. I try to convince her that because the little punk is also fun
Eric Rosenbaum: We
Tim Sackton: Have I don't think that's going to go over so well.
Rev. David (he/him): I try to make it really uncomfortable disorienting.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's great. It's good for kids to
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I could play um
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: You
Mike Sackton: Know for three hours, great. You guys
Tim Sackton: Okay, bye.
Bye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bye guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks like